A young lady from Cobalt finds Jean and lets him know that someone
wants to walk the Spiral, and Dworkin's assistance in moving the net
is required.  Jean informs local Dworkin of the request.

Dworkin leaves to walk to Cobalt, and returns.  ("If you see Sea, come
back.")  Cobalt is apparently not connected to the local verse.

Dworkin inquires of the whagons - it is agreed that this is a good
test.  None of them have tried to swim through Jean, so Jean informs
Ilk and then asks the whagons to try. One swims off through Jean with
Dworkin.

Kintani bumps into Jean with Snarsht in tow. Apparently a dragon is
screaming inside Jean - "Shit."  Jean wants Kintani to go inside, but
Ilk thinks he needs to be in another whagon or something, but he
doesn't fit.

---

Elsewhere, Amon asks Jean for assistance - people don't seem to live
as long as they used to, and his kids live even shorter.  They live
"fifty years", which implies some confusion.  They die of old age.

Everyone is mage born, which is different.  They used to live about
twice as long - fifty seems to be an upper limit.

---

Jean lets Ilk know about the two problems going on.

Ilk pulls Kintani into Jean for a bit.  Things are not entirely successful.

Jean suggests Trumping Dworkin - Jean has two standard Trump decks,
one with the Steward and one on his mantel in House Swayvill in Chaos.

Ilk solidifies and Trumps Dworkin, then pulls him out.

Dworkin travels to the whale and says hello, steps into the whale and
fails to find the whagon.  We tell the whale about the problem with
the whagon, and she swallows Dworkin and swims in.

Things fail to get better - apparently there is an 'infectious thought
pattern' and the whale is now infected.

Jean talks to Ferethyn about the whagon problem - Ferethyn is
surprised by the dragons.  Ferethyn recommends talking to Snarsht.

Jean talks to Snarsht, who points out that he has not bowed. Jean
bows.  Jean tells Snarsht about the whagons, and Snarsht is also
surprised by the concept.  Snarsht enters a Jean saucer to help with
the problem.

Various bits of blubber appear around the Jean saucers, and the whale
is seen briefly in Shiryu's ways, and then Chaos, and then it goes
back to the whagons.

Ilk locates the essence of the whagon partially in Kintani and
partially in the Jean scale, and decides to bring them together.
Amadan opens up a gate to Kintani, who briefly comes into Faerie.
Kintani flees, and the gate is closed before the pigpile of faerie
dragons descend.

Jean and Amadan relocate in Faerie, but are followed by faerie dragons
who believe that Jean is dragonish.

