Kintani spits out Jean in the gold place - nobody touching
nothing. Kintani says his kraken was eaten - Jean informs Ilk.

Kintani asks Jean to let the gardeners known about the kraken - Jean
makes a note in the Dancer's Guild to let Shiryu or Jeremiah know at
some point when they're not distracted.  (Or distractable.)

Kintani arrives at the Egg Place and talks to Jean.

"Generally, he's not in danger of dying in his sleep." Hard to disturb
wyrms - you'd have to know them well.  

Ilk and Kintani think about dangling a kraken in front of the sleeping
serpent.  Kintani talks to the local dragons about the krakens - who
decline to reveal their local food source. Kintani claims to be the
new head of the dragon council; there is skepticism.  He proves it to
their satisfaction.

Spit out onto a bare promontory with a gray giant here.  Sir Erik's donkey
has eaten everything in sight, so says the giant and sole inhabitant.

"It has an owner?"  "It's more of a curse than a pet."  "Then I can
sympathize."  

The giant doesn't know about gods, so Jean volunteers Verra to come
help him out.  She says she's schedule a personal visit, since the
giant doesn't know about reading either.

"Is she a donkey?"  "No."  "Then she is welcome?"

Jean acts as a contact for the giant, who will check on his plant
every so often.  Jean begins to educate the giant.

Back in the Egg Place, eggs continue to hatch.

The local Serpent manifests.  "WHAT IS A JEAN?"  Jean sighs, and is
held up by Kintani as he flies up.  Serpent says that Jean will 1) be
a contact mechanism and 2) tell him stories to keep him awake.

"So, uh, what kind of stories do serpents like?"  Anything they
haven't heard, Princess Chandra says.  Jean considers the Bard's
guild, then turns to Verra, who provides him with a priest and books.

Jean overhears that the former head of the mage's guild is
concentrated here - some discussion of pattern teleport between Jean
and Ilk, then between Jean and Gil.  Saucer Jean at the castle tries
to walk the pattern in his head and teleport and fails.

Jean discusses the issue - need to defeat the former head of the
mage's guild. Pattern! He talks to gentleman suhuy about transporting
mechajean to Cobalt. 

Gentleman Suhuy and Ecto-Ilk show up at the paths of the dead to xport
Jean - but they get stuck for the moment.  Trump decision!  Gil
volunteers Janus to be in trump contact with Jean.

Discussion of Trump with Janus and Ilk - Ilk trumps Janus, and Jean
will be passed through at the apogee.

Go through - Jean assumes Janus's momentum.  Fly down, land on the
city.  Break the city, not the shield - which is resistant to variable
pattern.

Lift the city - which is a sphere.  Jean volleyball serves the city,
which sails up and out of the fractal realm.  Lands on the shore,
rolls into the sea.  Picks up the shield as ant farm - "ARE YOU COMING
OUT YET?" 

Jean discusses what to do with Osric and Amaranth - Amaranth suggests
hatching the egg.  Jean is somewhat skeptical.  Amaranth sends through
two mages to be her eyes and report back.  One mage reports back;
Amaranth asks for the whale and settles for a Trump of Janus.
Amaranth arrives in the Fractal Realm. 

Amaranth bans Toram from doing magic - it doesn't work.  Amaranth
works on taking power out of the shield.

Rumbling happens - the shield is popped out of the ground, lands in a
grazing field.  Local cow-like creatures flee.  Some discussions with
farmers happen about straw for the nest and moving.

Amaranth starts draining the shield into Jean's batteries.  The
farmers have a new spot - run, kick the shield over the mountain, rest
it in the blasted valley.  Take the small amount of hay, start a nest.

In the gold place, Jean is spit out again and left there by Kintani,
who is going to go look for Pharaban to find the home of the bad guys.
