Geryon points out a cloud of spores around King Osric.  Neither Jean
nor Osric can perceive the spores.

Osric starts creating fringe crystals around himself and others, and
Geryon clears it out with Logrus.  Two Jeans are included in the
group. Jean does not seem to be affected by the spores.

The spores seemed to start after the destruction of the Assassin's
Guild. Osric asks Jean to let people know about the spores, which seem
to be covering Chaos.  There are questions: How do you find them, and
what is the counter?  (Logrus, and Logrus.) There is great hue and cry
for Ilk, who is busy.  Suhuy assigns apprentices and members of his
guild toward the cleanup.

Ilk points out that few things can survive plasma. Ilk then points out
to Jean that he has a plasma form that he can take.  Jean is
surprised.  Apparently Jean was hiding in Julian's couch in plasma
form without noticing it.

Cleanup happens. There is a growing disposal pile (with savior of
chaos tape around it).

There do not seem to be any spores around Max.

A Dragearan Issola appears in the Assassin's Guild, with a message for
Jean - his goddess is required in Drageara. Morrolan sent her, and
Verra is concerned.  There are no longer Jeans in Drageara - and there
were.  Jean is still in the Paths of the Dead.

Verra talks to Cagliostro a bit, letting him know she may ask for his
help.

Verra steps into Jean, and steps out through MechaJean.  She says that
something is -really- wrong here.  Verra reaches for power, screams,
and falls over.

In the tree: "Ilk!"  Jean asks Ilk to evacuate Verra from the Paths of
the Dead.

Jean interrogates people in Barlan's playground - the son of Gerard is
passing in statues and pamphlets praising the infidel god.  It was
apparently a deliberate attack - he was introducing pamphlets that
implicated other regions in infidel-worship, and started a horribly
brutal internecine war.

The next place was fluffy unicorn and bunny land, and still is. In the
other plance, there was a ragnarok between the big-endians and
little-endians.  There are two worshippers left, old men subsisting on
manna and throwing pebbles at each other.

In Cobalt, Jean is having tea with Flora and Vialle.  Jean asks Flora
to keep an eye on Verra while she recovers, and Flora reminds Jean of
his whale.  Flora enters Celia, picks up Verra, and returns to tea.

Jean asks REN for help with the economic shadow, and REN gets fished
to the (non-pattern infused) economics place to help fix things.

The third person Jean buds into is a leader who has a clear mental
image of their leader (who is non local, but doesn't look like the son
of Gerard). Others corroborate.  Because they keep failing to subvert
the local culture, they have weekly meetings with their boss.

There are bugs in the next shadow over, sprayed with pesticide and
dying. Ilk has Jean talk to Darkstar about it, then deals with it
himself.

The next shadow over is Dragera, and Ilk is blocked.  Ilk and Jean
discuss how to get through.  Ilk opens a gate, Jean goes through and
unracks.  Jean leaves a note for himself.

Amaranth arrives to investigate the unracking; she scouts a bit on the
other side and reports that someone has drawn a replica of the local
Pattern and left all kinds of traps on it.  The promontory seems to be
set up specifically to destroy Jean, which does sound like the son of
Gerard to Jean.

Auricle volunteers to unmake this pattern, because she likes Dworkin
and wants to keep him local.  Jean tells Auricle about Hillbilly Amber
and Variable Pattern.  Jean takes Rover the variable pattern cleaner
and steps one shadow over - the economics place.  REN handles the
public relations.

Jean whales Auricle into Drageara, near where Verra fell. Auricle puts
a pattern barrier around Dragaera, is told about Gentleman Suhuy, and
is swallowed and brought into Drageara by a dragon that Kintani sent.

Jean and Ilk and Dworkin talk about the Son of Gerard, Auricle,
Llewella, Julian, and whether Zack would view killing Julian as a form
of therapy.  They also discuss why Amberites are so messed up, and
whether it's all part of a need for attention.

Ilk redistributes Jean through shadow, and they begin prosteltizing
for Verra.
