Ilk tells Jean that Titania may have picked up some of Caelin's head
people.

Jean tells the Amadan about the tourists and Titania's problem with
head people.  Amadan recommends a big rescue team, and fast.  People
in Titania's head might not be subject to the rules, and that's bad
for all reasons.

Jean suggests Hamster Titania, but Ilk recommends against creating
Hamster versions of the powers.  Jean suggests assembling Faythe +
Norton in Faerie, and Ilk decides to try something discreet first.

In Ferethyn's Ways, Jean explains the problem to Silver Lyra.  She
feels that Ilk has it well in hand, and is pretty busy, but she will
keep in mind.

In Terraport, Ilk and Jean explain the problem to Faythe.

Ilk checks Cobalt - and finds that Titania is casting great magic of
control.  Jean and Ilk explain the situation to Amaranth, who keeps
trying to figure out a way to kill Caelin without being trapped. 

Ilk brings Jean to outside House Moonlight - no moat, no marbles!
Jean cries out against injustice, and the Archivist opens the door.
"he's not here."  The Archivist is not supposed to accept Trump calls
- and Zorro is supposed to Trump him.  Ilk fixes the situation with
the Archivist and Caelin's souls.  After some argument, the Archivist
accepts that Jean is not an Old Lord.

Jean checks for ghosts - there are a lot of Jean ghosts in a box.

For a moment, Jean feels overstretched.  Apparently, Sparrowhawk has a
fixed form somehow.

Rescuers assemble near the tree gate in Chaos, near Faerie.  Jean asks
the Amadan to open up a Faerie Gate near the Gate near Cara.
Lightning blasts the new gate from the old gate, and the Amadan falls
over.  Ilk goes to get Zack, who is with Hamster Julian.  They both
join the assemblage, and Zack is -not- in a good mood.

Ilk pulls in UberMjolnir at Jean's suggestion, along with the
note. The hammer feels comfortable in Ilk's embodied hands.

Zack re-opens the Faerie gate, and storms through it to protect his
mother.  Jean-scale notices that the place he is becomes Titania's
court, and then Zack and his Sidhe charge through into the court.

Zack checks the Amadan - who will have to heal naturally.  He asks
Zack for a faerie gate to the box - but although Zack agrees it might
be related, he believes there are bigger fish to fry. Zack calls out
Oberon as a coward, and Oberon appears.  "Summoned, I obey" says
Oberon, who sits in one of the minor thrones.

Ilk brings the stone dagger into Faerie, which shudders and reformed
around him. Jean goes 'woo!' and challenges Titania's usurpers to
appear in the name of the stone dagger, and as the master of unlife.

Titania's body splits into nine copies.  Ilk and Jean spring to the
attack, and kill three of them.  What they're doing to Mjolnir is
echoing back through all of Jean, and it hurts. Jean focuses on being
the hammer, and this helps. Five more drop, and then everything goes
nothingness.

The hammer disbelieves the illusion, but can't fix it.  Jean is
concentrating on the hammer, so can't perceive anything else except
the scale (which can't see either).  The hammer can vibrate and
communicate with Ilk, who is still wielding them.  Jean grabs the
nearest spellrack, and shakes it.  This is how Jean finds out that
UberMerlin used to use UberMjolnir to rack spells in.

A little later, UberMjolnir gets a flash of vision - a Titania is on
the floor, the second one is holding onto the tips of Ilk's
LogrusBlades.  Jean vibrates Ilk to lengthen his blades a few feet -
and then starts a-hammerin'.

Dead-Zack carries Titania's body out, and collapses.  Jean gives Ilk
directions to connect a tendril to Norton/Zack/Ilk, and puts them in
communication.

The effect ends, and Ilk is standing in front of Gwen.  She tries to
strike Ilk; the hammer remembers the drugs that affected her, and Jean
creates a stormcloud raining syringes of those drugs and starts
hammering the plungers.

Faythe tries to heal Titania, and wakes her up with some pain and
glowing blue handprints.  Titania and Faythe heal Zack.
