(Missed: Eagleton is introduced to Mandor, Beven comes to terms with
the fact that she's her own system, plans are made to clean up loose
ends.  The Pattern likes Eagleton, who may be a Caelin shadow or a
Caelin analog. Princess Chandra has assigned an assassin to keep an
eye on Amon to keep him from dying, and the assassin grabbed Geryon.)

Eagleton returns to the room with a big glowing sword (an Aundantric).

Ilk and Jean talk about Bevan and Set ("some Noun god") and the plan
to smack down said god with Verra's help.  Jean tells Ilk that Bevan
came from one of Kintani's handprints. Ilk speculates that Vishnu may
have just created access points to the handprints, since Mandor's
father was there and was hiding.  Jean tells Ilk that something weird
happened to the local serpent where Bevan is from, and Ilk agrees to
keep an eye on things.  

Ilk sends in a half-dozen more Jeans.  Amon greets him.  Eagleton
sidles off suspiciously.

Verra and Mandor discuss precedence, and Verra rips a hole in
reality. Mandor cautions Jean to ride onto someone else, and Jean
tractors onto most of the crowd (but not the Caelin shadow).

The crowd walks to Max's place.  Bevan discusses rhyming with Mandor,
and Keiron is imported to talk to Bevan about rhyming.  Keiron wishes
for Bevan to understand, and Jean twitches.  Kieron is returned.

The group gets back onto the ship.  When Orpheus walks on the ship, he
is now unalive. He radiates something that is the opposite of the
essence of Norton.  Jean chalks it up to Max upgrading Orpheus.

Jean and Kintani talk about sending a dragon to help - Jean passes
along Ilk's theory that the handprints are portals to somewhere else,
not universes of themselves.  Kintani wonders about flying there
himself - both Max and Jean figure that it was a bad idea.

Verra brings the group over a desert over a large pyramid.  Planning
happens, and hippos drop from orbit onto targets.  Before wave 2, Jean
warns the targets in his official capacity as Prophet of Verra that
they have sacrificing in their near future.

Eagleton sends flying Mongeese toward Setite temples in this world.

Jean can tell (though no one else can) that the dragon has arrived and
is staying unseen near the plane. Elsewhere, Jean tells Kintani that
the dragon arrived.  Kintani tells Jean that he thinks the dragon went
the long way.



