A large airship appears out of nowhere.  "Cool!"  Don't let it hit,
follow it.  The airship throws toys out back, which Jean enjoys.  The
toys explode merrily.

Someone opens a magical gate in front of the airship, so Jean remorhas
onto the airship.  The ship gates again near a planet, and there is
space junk around.  Eventually, a small chunk of the sea of chance
appears inside the ship and fails to eat anything.  Jean is surprised
and vaguely disappointed.

Something in the ship is leaking magic, but not Caelin-scale.  A
proto-Caelin?  Jean checks to be sure that Caelin is accounted for,
and having confirmed this, fails to flee.

On the planet below, a Chaosian with an unknown Logrus signature has
taken an interest in the chaotic things happening in orbit.  Jean
keeps a low profile. The plane -moves- in an odd, twisty manner that
is reminescent in a few ways.  There is a void opening that the ship
is being pulled into.

As the ship flies into the Void, Jean feels Dragonish.  Dragonish
isn't a specific feeling, but it feels Dragonish.  The ship arrives in
another shadow, underwater.

There are whales, which are too small to be Jean's whale or the
dragons.  Jean says hi at them, and the whales ask why the ship is
blinking simple math at them.  The whales have heard of Jean, and are
polite. Jean makes small talk, apparently the Head Fish is well.

Jean hears mechanically generated whalesong with bad grammar inside
the ship, and warns the whales not to be offended. The whales consider
the ship to be friends-of-Jean until he tells them otherwise.  The
ship speaks crudely at the whales, who respond slowly and loudly.  The
ship seems to be picking up whale surprisingly quickly.  Large gas
balls appear outside the ship.

There are five life forms on board - one only eats, one is in charge
(the parent?), the other three are either children or behind in
dues. The one who only eats is unalive.

The whales talk about Jean to the ship.  The ship says hello to Jean,
and some basic communication happens - Jean admits to being the saucer
out in front.  The translator is crap, so Jean starts speaking
directly to them in the language they have in common.  Jean asks about
a fifth person, who is identified as Mr. Fusion.  Jean says hello to
Mr. Fusion, who is thrilled.

Jean talks to them about Amber; they have heard of it but think it's
fictional.  Corwin is fictional - oops frictional.  He is invited
inside, and talks to them some more.  The proto-Caelin (Eagleton) is
drinking and conjuring.  They want to go somewhere interesting, Jean
goes out to get directions, and the whales say the nearest Jean is
four shadows that-way. The whale swallows the ship, and swims into
Jean.

The whale comes out next to Kintani, on Max's promontory.  This was
closest!  The whale introduce itself as Claire, Celia's cousin.
Apparently we were in one of Kintani's handprints.

Max brings everyone to tea.  Bowing happens, and Max is introduced as
"Dworkin's father".  They know of Dworkin, not of Suhuy.

Aman tells his back story, which involves fighting a dark god called
Set or Sutekh. Jean, back in whaleland, gates back to where he first
met them and starts working backward, looking for recruits to the way
of Verra.

Bevin is apparently of House Sawall, Mandor's half-sister by the
shared father Brian Boru. 

Jean talks to Verra about Set - Verra's interested in a godfight.
Eagleton recognizes Verra, Jean introduces her around as his aunt and
their go-to person for god stuff.  Eagleton creates tapes with
information for Verra, so Jean fishes it back to the Dancer's Guild
for digesting and summary.

There is discussion of what to do - introduce Bevin to Mandor, teach
her Chaosian politics, smack the renegade god, or help Titania.  Based
on the prospective lifespan of her companions, it's suggested that she
find something else to do first, and when they die get her
orientation.

Jean talks to Queen Titania, who remembers both Bevan and Brian (who
pissed her off, and has been hiding from her for untold thousands of
years).  Titania says she is more than happy to find something for
Bevan to do, -forever and ever-.

Amen is creeped out by Jean's translation of Titania's invitation, so
they decline (and Verra approves).  Kintani may have an infestation -
the ships from Gerard's son.  Kintani invites Verra to make the
handprints more of hers, and she takes it under advisement and asks
her prophet to speed up the process.
