In Hell, Ilk and his demon are throwing rocks back and forth into and
out of the reality to communicate.  Most of these rocks hit Caelin on
the back of the head.

Llewella has been convinced to stop. doing. magic. Because it will
hurt her muchly here.

Ilk sends in a note asking people to move back because he's going to
try something stupid.  People move way back.  Eventually, Osric sends
in a mouse to scout, and the mouse returns with a new note and
rock. Ilk reports that he has Darkstar, and other people ask for a
pickup.

Osric creates a fringe bubble that surrounds everyone - the mice, the
bats, Osric, Caelin, a sorceror, Jean, Norton, Llewella, Llewella's
bodyguards (an assassin and Brandt), Janx the conjuror, the gnome, the
Cara-ite gentleman, the salamander.

Eventually, Ilk tells Jean that it's safe to come out and the bubble
is removed.  It's a quiet area, not Hell at all, with giant Q-tip type
trees in a variety of colors.  There's a green-grey sand. The place
doesn't look familiar to Jean at all, but Jean decides to wait a bit
before exploring.

Large sections of the sky turn blue as Ilk writes a note.

Ilk asks Jean to find Cagliostro, who is in the middle of fixing some
chick in a spaceboat.

Conversations between Ilk and Sam's two characters follow.  Ilk is
told that it's a "no-death zone" (so sez Cemen).

Jean steps outside of the spaceship ("some topology thing", sez Ilk).
Ilk asks Jean about special effects. Jean suggests to Ilk that there
should be swirling colors and paisleys.  There are colors and paisleys
around the ship, which vanishes leaving six or seven Jeans behind.

After Llewella vanishes, all non-essential power to Gwen's lab is cut
off.  Jean tells Ilk, who confirms that Llewella is in Pride's Folly.

Hut! hut!  Jean goes off looking for Llewella.  He finds Brandt
crumpled in a corner, bleeding out, and applies wood glue and duct
tape and moves Brandt to a secure location.

---

Elsewhere, Max and Kintani are talking.  Kintani asks for more Ilks,
and Max shakes out some new? Jeans at tea.  They talk about Jean
scouting, and Jean tells Kintani that he can't see out or return after
flying into a handprint.

Jean gets thrown into handprints and scouts.

--- 

Ilk asks Jean - have Auricle and Neville created a new pattern?  Yes,
in fact they have.  (Auricle said so.)  Wixer's cave, however, is not
connected to this pattern.

Apparently the new pattern is reaching out and establishing Shadow,
and Neville tried to stop this and "is no more".  Auricle grabbed Jean
and ran. Jean fills in Max and Dworkin.  Ilk surfs past Auricle and
Jean on his stick.  Auricle complains about some people having all the
cool toys.

More handprints vanish from Kintani.  Ilkandacian passes a message
through Jean about riding the crest to watch Shadow being created.
