Stuff happens in Bevan's local Faerie.  Bevan creates weremongeese.

Two chandroids appear, and Orpheus identifies them as Kyoku and
friend, who are expected.  Jean talks to Kyoku, introduces himself as
Bevan's relative (half-brother of Bevan's half-brother), gives him a
pamphlet about Verra, and proceeds to freak him out.

Amon returns with a dragon, who spits out the body.  Jean can see that
the body is soaked in shifter poison, and tells Mandor.  Mandor admits
to not being a shifter, but regrets it.  Jean checks for shifter
antitoxin in the Dancer's Guild, and passes along the allegation that
Mandor is not a shifter.

Jean talks to Ilk, who checks and determines that there was never an
antidote created for this.  The poison, according to Ilk, is passed
through bodily fluids.  Jean scribbles a note in Thari and sticks it
onto the body - "Shifter poison: do not lick".

They perform another ritual with Kyoko's help, which actually works -
it makes the poison inactive.  Jean talks to Verra, who offers her
assistance with the cleaning.  The ritual is done again with more
gods, and the body (Brian) recovers.  Mandor bows to his father with a
dickweed-possibly-criminally-negligent-father-who-is-in-my-power-and-may-be-a-family-slayer bow.

Bevan is introduced to her father again, and knocks him unconscious.
Eagleton continues to work on the transparent castle. More
conversation happens.

Eagleton wants to know about Verra workship, since he wants to work
with a _real_ god.  Jean gives him Lecture For Powerhungry Types #2
(the long form) and the "So You Want To Sacrifice A City" pointer.
Brian wakes up long enough to see the dragon - and Amon giving it
instructions - and passes out again.

Morrigan arrives, bows to the crowd, and is told that she is now part
of Mandor's family.  Mandor mentions that Brian is his father.

A local vampire is determined to be a weak-ass shadow of Bleys, and
therefore not worthy of preserving.  Another vampire is pulled in by
Geryon, and the vampire casts spells at Amon that distress Jean.  Jean
says, "Stop that!" as Norton's balance.  The vampire stops, stares at
Jean for a second, and tries to continue. Norton, elsewhere, asks
Jean: "is one of mine bothering you?"  Norton uses a microphone to
broadcast "STOP THAT" at the vampire - who stops.  After discussion,
Geryon Logrus-pulls the vampire into the sun, where they fry.

Planning happens.  The plan is that Verra will smack "Sit", and Geryon
will sit it out and protect Amon because he's "too small a god", and
Sit can kill Geryon's worshippers through him.

People are pulled into a temple with a coffin in the center.  Jean
checks the room - no powerful objects.  Oh, wait, the coffin is cool!
Jean asks, shakes Sit's body out of the coffin and asks Ilk to give
the coffin to Norton.

Verra summons Sit, who stands in his full majesty (plus clown nose).
Jean begins a group chant to Verra, which sounds somewhat like the
theme to Shaft.  Eagleton stabs Sit in the back, who grabs the sword.
The sword starts to glow with sunlight, and Amon shifts into sunlight.
Verra steps forward and starts ripping holes in primal things to upset
Sit.

Sit assaults Verra, who visibly staggers and goes down on one knee.
Verra recovers, and Jean talks to Norton about sending a care package.
With Ilk's help, Norton arrives, makes Sit alive instead of undead,
and returns to rebuilding Amberites. Sit's holes bleed. A new blade
appears, stuck in Sit. Patttern/Logrus explosions happen in and around
Sit.  Sit blows up.

Verra says it's time to go, and the group is pulled into Faerie.  The
world resets, much more rural.  The group returns.  Verra asks Coral
to keep an eye on the world to avoid problems with time.  Coral
agrees.  Ver-Ra becomes the new head of the local Egyptian pantheon.

Ilk talks to Baby Set, who is exploring death.
