Norton vanishes after talking to Geryon - something about hamstering
his prisoner.  Last one to talk to him makes it Geryon's fault!


Amaranth says that the next chunk of shield may be too much for her.
She has a backup plan, which involves using the magic as a 'rocket' to
shoot her 

Caelin is concerned - he's filling with power.  Ecto-Ilk has found
Amaranth, and can't use variable pattern on her.  Jean informs
Benedict, Caelin, Osric, and the Bear Mage. 

Mad howling all across the egg - which starts melting. A scrape
against MechaJean, the egg cracks.

Egg cracks - Jean arrests his fall (sort of).  "WHO'S YOUR DADDY?"
Crunchy bodies, not squishy bodies.  Sticklike bodies - like beef
jerky. 

Caelin becomes a yeti. He writes on the ground - it's blue. The yeti
indicates the saucer should increase its altitude.  One of the
cobalteans reads "I'm magic null in this form". 

An explosion behind Caelin - as if there was a crack of lighnting.
The yeti speeds up.

Jean sorts through the city - no Erica, nothing 'not broken',
particularly after Mechajean's sorting.

The bear mage is hearing Amaranth's voice in his head 'help me'!  He
gets fished to Cobalt to see if he can help.

[Ilk pulls Caelin - Amaranth is lying in a pool of silver, and some of
that silver is molten around her.  V. hot. Caelin starts to run in
circles ] 

Heads of houses start arriving in Thelbane reporting that someone is
calling for help through the ring.  

Osric and Jean confer - Neville is probably going to help more than
these guys.  Neville puts his meetings on hold, and starts considering
the primal pattern. After considering the blob, he just walks the
pattern.

After checking with Ferethyn, Jean asks for a pattern blade and
wielder - Janus volunteers (and smacks Martin down), and gets moved.

[Elsewhere - Janus grabs Caelin to stop his circuit.  Caelin grabs
Janus, and throws him over.  Janus stabs Amaranth, who screams and
starts trying to pull the sword out.  The heat starts to die down.
Caelin grabs Janus before he impacts the silver - Caelin gets burned
seriously, Janus is also pretty scorched.]

MechaJean is moved by Ilk - Amaranth needs a pressor beam. MechaJean
scoops her out of the puddle, shakes the silver out.  He knocks the
sword out - "Ooops". He puts her down, Janus gets the pattern blade
and starts poking Amaranth.

Discussion happens - the pattern net is pattern pattern, not variable
pattern (check?) (Is UberMjolnir also v. pattern?)

Benedict joins in poking Amaranth. Jean gives the bear mage a lift to
the battlefield.  He hates heights - so Jean gives him a lift to the
ground. The bear mage helps, pulling the sword of state out briefly,
then letting it go.

Caelin remembers about Titania - starts trying to get the amulet out,
badly. Jean brings Wixer over, and pulls all the crap out of Caelin
(including a blue note). 

Amaranth is cured (and a toe is snipped off and skewered) and
Cagliostro starts fixing Amaranth and Janus.

Osric leaves Thelbane for a while. Jean sees Osric return to Thelbane
and get told by an 'etiquette guild' member of a problem at the
warrior's guild.  Osric heads to the assassin's guild; an explosion
happens in the way to the warrior's guild, creating a new bare spot in
chaos.

Jean talks to the assassins after Osric comes out, and fills them in
on the unlicensed assassination attempt.

Jean tells the Ways and means committee about the problem (after
consulting with Jeremiah), and fills in the 
