Things are very interesting for Jean.

Jean feels a pressure - like a negative budding.  He realizes that
something is trying to push him out of Ubermjolnir.  He pushes back,
without much effect.

Jean goes to tell Ilk. Jean notices that there is a distance between
himself and Ilk, which hasn't happened before.

Jean can't find himself with ubermjolnir, so he asks Ilk about it or
to wield him. Ilk says that Ubermjolnir is missing, and has presumably
been hammernapped.  Ilk suggests that Jean wield himself around until
the people responsible stop.  Jean had a hammer, so he stars a hammer
flamenco.

In the mountain, there is a mobility alert.  This strikes Jean as very
funny, since he's already mobile. Jean shares with Ilk.

Hammertime continues.  The drain has slowed, but not stopped.

Jean realizes that somewhere he is trapped in a machine.  The machine
is not alive, unalive, or undead.  Jean taps, and says "Let me out."
Nothing happens, and Jean casts all his spells.

This is the first time that Jean has unracked (to his memory).  Jean's
surroundings are slowly breaking apart. Jean asks Ilk for more spells.
There is a pause.  Jean gets more spells.  Jean casts them.  The
process is blowing up a bit faster.  Jean wants more spells.  Ilk
pauses and consults a higher power.  More boom.

Wherever Ubermjolnir is, it is flat.

Jean - a primal Jean, with only set of inputs - is sitting in his
mother's library with his aunt.  

Jean (with Titania's help) gets a flash of perception of Llewella's
perceptions - sitting in the center of a pattern, in a chair made of
pure pattern energy, with a small piece of rock in her lap, and a Jean
saucer suspended immediately above her.

Jean asks for a 10' pole of pattern energy - but just about everyone's
given up Pattern for Dworkin's safe.  Jean asks Norton to make him
bleed.   Norton cackles, and Jean begins to bleed.

Llewella in the library disappears.  The library begins to unravel.
Jean's three balances suggest leaving.  Titania pulls Jean completely
into his antechamber.

A brain in a jar with a couple of perceptons end up in Titania's
antechamber.  Faythe is keeping Jean alive.  Faythe looks upset.  "Are
you running out of steam?" "No - but I'm about to be."  Jean tries to
stop her, but she reaches out and -fixes- Jean.

That body becomes a saucer, all of Jean reconnects and Faythe
collapses, barely alive.  Jean is free for a moment, and then becomes
verrrry verrry stoned.

A stoned Jean asks Ilk for Snarsht so that Faythe doesn't die.
Snarsht and other people arrive, and Faythe and Snarsht and Geryon are
brought away.  Jean does the wave in celebration.

There is a feeling of clarity and reconnection, and Jean slaps it
away.  The same happens again, and fluid spurts out.  Jean unracks a
couple of times.  Ilk suggests that Jean needs a bigger hammer.

A construction crew of bots come in and start to repair things.  Jean
unracks, they are not damaged much.  Jean tries to make friends with
them - they are unalive and want to be Jean's friends.  Jean asks them
to find UberMjolnir and bring it to him.

