Cagliostro and one of the amazons gate to the back of the tent.
Cagliostro expects that it would be boobytrapped.

Cagliostro examines the back of the tent - whatever methods he uses to
examine the tent (including the lens) give back readings of 10 feet
off to the side.

Cagliostro slips a fiber-optic probe through a burned hole at the
bottom of the tent on a smoldered part. Looking at the walls gives an
odd sense of vertigo for some as-yet-to-be-explained reasons.  The
brain records the walls as 'white' but shys away from closer
examination.

At each corner, the pole comes down and connects to a wooden stand.
On each foot is a large sandbag. Attached to the front pieces of the
tent two poles seem to be bunches of rope things, strung in between
the poles.  On the back wall, there is a waist-high pipe with a hook
and a winch.

Cagliostro searches the tent again for traps, and finds one - there
are a row of metal darts precariously balanced on a support beam.  He
freezes them in place, looks again, and he and his sword-sister slip
into the tent. They find out that the pouches in the center of the
tent are metal spheres, well padded but sabotaged to fall as soon as
they are jostled.

Cagliostro examines the rope - it seems to a single molecule,
amazingly strong and awfully long.  Cagliostro tries, but fails, to
conjure it.

The sword-sister recoils at one point - she saw an Eye in the tent.
Cagliostro looks, but his brain still shies away from the tent.  He
issue

Later, Cagliostro recovers, looking up.

Cagliostro is trumped by a small hamster (or Trumps one? returning a
message).  Cagliostro hears the story of Jean and the Son of Gerard.

-- Jean hears the story, too.  Jean is upset.

Cagliostro enters the Hamsterverse and recognizes the pattern. He
saves it (making it much happier than the last Pattern he saw) by
creating clouds of evil radiation eating nanobots and feeding them
sand.

Cagliostro is tired, and needs to sleep.  Cagliostro sleeps in an
abandoned factory while a hamster keeps watch. 

-- Meanwhile, Jean cackles and begins to recalibrate and repair the
   tank factory.

Cagliostro wakes up, and completes the de-radiating.  He checks the
upper atmosphere, and finds that the radiation has not really leaked
out of the planet's belts.  It appears that very large numbers of very
large nuclear weapons were detonated on this planet.

The hamster Caine has dropped out of touch whilst coming to the planet
to help, and is the source of worry.

Cagliostro is passed through the cards to the hamster Deirdre, who is
off doing something in the desert far away from Cagliostro but near
some kind of sandbox.  Cagliostro declined the offer of a cat ride and
gated back to the Ramp.  At the ramp, Cagliostro starts to work on
de-radiating the area, and creating a feeder set of nanocleansers that
can be fed sand.  Cagliostro instructs his troops in the use of these,
and avoids the protesters (complaining about the outside world and
meddling).

-- Caglisotro picks up a spare Jean here, since his original Jean is
   working on rebuilding the Tank place.

Roland shoots himself through the air and lands in a missleish
lump. Roland is pleased to see Cagliostro again; apparently he took a
wrong turn in the Assassin's Guild and was captured.  After breaking
him with torture, the Assassin's Guild apologized and replaced limbs.
Roland seems mentally fragile and very obsessed with staying near
Cagliostro.  Cagliostro contacts Jodo and checks in; Jodo confirms the
frail state of Roland's sanity.

Cagliostro and Roland gate back to the sandbox, which is empty.
Caglistro creates another scout copter, which is brought down by a
whacking huge cat.  The cat is familiar with the Hamster Deidre, who
is missing, so brings Cagliostro and Roland to another cat.  Roland
identifies the house-sized cat as a "Sha'um" and is familar with
riding them, which is a trick.  

The cat brings Caglistro to a second huge cat, which can think words
into Cagliostro's mind.  In the cat's mouth, Cagliostro and Roland are
brought onto the Fringe by the cat.  They find the morris dancer of
which all other morris dancers are merely shadows, and bribe him with
gold to be a scout.  He scouts various worlds by walking through rings
(which Cagliostro and Roland cannot pass though).  This passes for a
time until Cagliostro finds out how many gates there are - not as many
as there are grains of and in Darkover, but close.  Cagliostro asks
for assistance, and the cat produces the king of the mice.

The Mouse King does recognize the Hamster planet description, and can
direct the crowd there.  The cat pushes Cagliostro's vehicle along
miles of metal track and through small circles and along platforms
until they are kicked out (without the King) by the Sha'um and rides
roughly down a mountain.  A crowd of curious passerby greet the
travelers.  Jean recognizes the planet as being in the same galaxy,
relatively near the Hamster planet, so Cagliostro distracts the locals
and gates them there.

They gate back to the Hamster planet, and meet back with the Hamster
Brand. Cagliostro offers to recreate an ecosystem for the planet, but
apparently they have a Jean-based ecosystem.

-- Jean continues work on the tank generation system

Roland announces that he's going to do something stupid, and
knuckle-walks the lines of the glowing sigil.  Successfully.  From the
center of the sigil, Brand uses the cards to send Caglistro back to
the Garden via Mistress Janice.

Cagliostro and Roland return to the Garden, and crumple on top of a
flower.  Mistress Janice informs the group that this flower was
apparently the plant's communication center - Cagliostro apologizes,
but she approves of the object lesson. Apparently the plant is
starting to grasp the concept of "other", and is NOT dealing well.

The guard has changed, there has been some sort of funeral, and all of
the scout copters are offline.
