Prior runs: Caelin escape hell, tainted a room with New Amsterdam-type
radiation, and pulled a group of people (including Cemen!) into hell.

The Arab is practically dead of radiation poisoning, so Caglistro
grabbed his memories and put the body into stasis.

Group:
	Caglistro
	Cemen
	Mistress Janice
	Swordsisters
	Janus
	Gil
	Absalom
	Colin

Group 2: Ruby, Caelin

Demons, no powers work except Caelin becoming a Yeti.

Saturdated with NAT-rad, Caglistro tries to explain radiation to Ruby
as "a light that burns mortals".

Things went dark.

--------------

Cagliostro is designing Ifrit to take over hell, and be re-usable later.

Feed off of the radiation in hell
Suitable for taking over hell, but also comfortable and re-usable in the desert
Shapeshifting?
Tricksters, proportional torment to what they see
Combat skills
Command word activation/de-activation for each stage of the process (and the Ifrit know the words)

Cagliostro feels the brush of a mental contact, similar to the cards,
but it doesn't quite feel like those.  It's momentary, and it goes
away.  Cagliostro decides not to tell Cemen, who is unaware.

Cemen notices the sensation later - it is longer than a moment, and he
finds it 'impolite'.  Cemen is unfamiliar with the concept of 'mental
defense', and asks if it's like the "stepping aside" concept Gil was
working on. Cagliostro suggests mental techniques that don't involve
denying your own existence or asserting it over other people - mental
defense unlikely to cause unmaking.  After the third or fourth
technique, Cemen reports that the sensation has gone away.

There is a sensation of movement, and a lessening of the
darkness. Things are changing, and Cagliostro decides to assume his
math is correct and put the Ifrit production line in motion.

Things go black in mind-boggling amounts of pain.  Cagliostro thinks
he succeeded, and the last thing he hears is Cemen's voice: "Count?
Count?"

Cagliostro regains consciousness to the feeling of being... crowded.
There seems to be something inside the blucite with Cagliostro.  He
pauses the process.

There is eventually a shifting of pressure and a cracking noise
(although not a sensation, so Cagliostro doesn't think it's him).
Suddenly Caglisotro is someplace... different.  The last normal
thought is "wow, this would be a really good defense against the cards
- aaaaigh!" information overload.

Then, Cagliostro is in a dragon's mouth and in a process of recovery,
and there is no sign of the Ifrit.

Cagliostro recovers enough to shift those memories somewhere else and
deal with those later.

Cagliostro compares notes with Ilkandacian to determine where everyone
was blown to.  Ilkandacian tells Caelin about 'bluecite' being a power
of Llewella's with sensory deprivation, that was taught or stolen by
Gerard's son.

"The Sea" - whatever it was that Cagliostro blocked, and that might
eat Mistress Janice's arm.  Cagliostro and the presence discuss plans.

Cagliostro watches Cemen's prison break apart on the viewscreen.
Cemen finds the sea uncomfortable, but familiar.

Cagliostro creates an chameleon bat to distribute and hide the ifrit
seeds throughout hell.

Cemen uses eyes differently than Cagliostro, so there's kind of an
overlay.  Cagliostro's eyes rise to the equation.

Cemen says "I have to go this way", and steps back into the area with
the blucite wreckage.  He pats Mistress Janice's arm.

Cagliostro talks with Mistress Janice

Ilk's theory is that bluecite may be time-frozen water and produces an
egg to test the theory.

Caglistro tests a sympathy-based alchemical wave detector on Mistress
Janice. The waves are different - she's making a fist, but the hand is
cursing in sign language.  Mistress Janice is embarassed by the things
her hand says.

There is a moment of time - an extra one. The guy who cracked the egg
dies of old age. The blucite doesn't go away. They discuss the
situation, and Cagliostro realizes that Mistress Janice's hand in a
loop.
