Jean talks with Princess Chandra, letting her know that the "Black
Council" is attacking the "Wyrm of Chaos".

Janus talks with Cagliostro: "This could ultimately be really bad".

Discuss heading to a safe spot, since they were outclassed.  Janus has
a method, but it's a booby-trapped spot in the castle 

Cagliostro asks the group for help getting there

Colin has a method - but he wants to take -all- allies (including the
Sea).  This requires someone willing to take the risk of transforming
into the Sea.  Cagliostro talks with this entourage, and one of his
bodyguards is willing to take the risk to increase their chances of
survival.  

Colin pulls out a card - Janus is passed through first, Gil is
loitering near the end of the line.  

Mistress Janice discuss dealing with threats by fleeing from them - it
appears to be a new concept to Cemen.  Bodyguard is turning
sea-colored and pours through, and the entire Sea pours after him.

Big sea pouring into a desert area, large city off behind us.
Outriders are approaching in what appear to be jeeps.  This is Cemen's
first exposure to actual sand, and he's noticing the differences -
this sand is lying there, not destroying things.

Gil and Colin come through, and Janus goes to chat up the outriders.
They are part of a mapping expedition series (which will have to remap
this area).

Cagliostro does some mind-reading to determine the map, finds that
this is part of an unmapped desert area.  Cagliostro claims a modest
area, and they check in with their city then head off outside their
borders.

Cagliostro's castle appears, and Colin falls over.  A delegation of
soldiers runs out, recognizes Cagliostro, changes formation, and
reports in.  There is a new basement - which is defending itself
against the castle.

Cagliostro enters, and sees an entrance to Mistress Janice's tunnels.
Mistress Janice checks in with her people, and they start trying to
coordinate a perimeter.

Nazar al-Din is in Cagliostro's laboratory, waiting for him.  They
discuss deserts, which he hates but are home.

Cagliostro tries to create a gate to his own reality, and fails.

Mistress Janice and Cagliostro discuss cards, Mistress Janice gives
Cagliostro a trump of Alhaserus.

At Mistress Janice's suggestion, Cagliostro creates a gate through the
card and people start evacuating out of his shadow from the bunker.

Cagliostro starts evacuating his shadow with Alhasuerus's help and
Mistress Janice concentrating on the card.  Cagliostro envisions an
environment with greenhouse domes and topsoil, operating off of some
sort of solar power.

Colin arrives with various diagrams of bug sex and rude words.  He
explains that he tried to pull something through that didn't work, and
he'll talk to his ally about pulling through larger chunks.

Note arrives from Savior of Chaos naming this place - Darkover - and
that it is moving away from the danger, and that they shall return.
Talk to Ilk about relocation - he brought the entire planet, skinned
out and re-oriented.  

Darkstar moves the basement, because Ilk cannot, and Mistress Janice
would like to still be under the castle.  

A 24-mile ramp is created up to the planet from the desert underneath.

Faith rules this place - in charge of the power of Life "last time I
checked".  Does that change often?  It does change, but not often.

Natives have blue crystals to contact Faith, but Colin can also
contact her (and is also a good friend).

She wanted more cities, so the planet's arrival is not a problem.

Ilk offers birds - if any species are too aggressive, let them know.
Cagliostro discusses fish and lizards, and sets up a test program to
create them every so often.
