The Count of Cagliostro (150 points)
Sometimes known as Count Fenix or Acharat
Psy 40
Str AMB
End 15
War 30

Advanced Conjuration [35]
Basic Sorcery [15]
Life Magic (Gift from Faythe)

Philosopher's Stone [6] (Power battery + ?)
	The 'stone' is actually an amorphous solid, similar to glass.
	The primary physical substance used in the stone was quicksilver,
	or mercury.
	The color and precise shape of the stone tend to vary, and
	one of Cagliostro's projects is charting variations in the
	stone and attempting to determine what causes them.

Solomon Sealed Demon Bottle (Do not shake before using) [5]
	A bottle that appears to be made of blown obsidian, with
	crimson streaks through the purple obsidian. If held up to the
	light, movement can be seen inside the bottle.
	The outside is inlaid with intricate truesilver (mithril)
	filigree, forming a wide variety of occult symbols. Near the
	mouth of the bottle is a filigreed Seal of Solomon, wrapped
	around the neck and touching on the other side.
	The bottle itself is corked, and the cork is usually kept
	snugly attached with black wax.	

Sight Focus - Magnifying glass framed in silver [2]
	An antique magnifying glass with an almost transparent lens
	that is not made of glass, but rather some unidentifiable
	substance.

Castle Cagliostro (shadow with at least a fairly European area, control
of a small mountainous country and a fairly cool castle) - [1]

Good Stuff [1]

Description (based on Tolstoy):

    "The gentleman was perhaps in his fifties and solidly built. His
    purplish-red face with a hooked nose was cushioned in lace. 
    His coat of stiff blue silk was embroidered in gold thread 
    with masks and flowers. On top of this coat he wore a green 
    overcoat lined with blue foxes. His black trousers were 
    also embroidered with gold thread. Diamonds sparkled on the 
    buckles of his velvet shoes, and each finger of his blunt, 
    hairy hands was adorned with two or even three precious rings."

Example Ring stones:

Amethyst, Beryl, Cat's Eye, Chalcedony, Chrysolite, Crysoprasus, 
Emerald, Jacinth, Jasper, Meteoric iron, Moonstone, Pearl (silver, black), 
Ruby, Sapphire, Sardius, Sardonyx, Topaz

Sample ring materials:
Bone, Brass, Bronze, Cold-wrought iron, Gold, Iron, Mithril (truesilver),
Platinum, Silver, Steel

He also has a matched set of amethyst crystals set up around his bed - 
amethyst is said to stimulate dreams.

http://www.hexagongirl.com/y/20-Cagliostro.html

'It is no easy matter to get at the truth regarding Cagliostro or to
form a true estimate of his character. He was vain, naturally pompous,
fond of theatrical mystery, and of the popular side of the occult. He
also was a "little mad" and loved cheap popularity. There is reason to
believe that he had in some way and at some time in his life acquired
a certain practical working knowledge of the occult. He also possessed
certain elementary psychic powers of hypnotism and telepathy. On the
whole, Cagliostro is a mystery, yet he was one of the most picturesque
figures in Eighteenth Century Europe.'


Count Cagliostro by Tolstoy:

"in St. Petersburg by the well-known Count Fenix, or as he is
called-Cagliostro. He cured Princess's Volkonskaya's sick pearls,
increased the ruby in General Bibikov's ring by eleven carats, and
what's more, destroyed the air bubble inside the stone. He showed
Kostich the famous deal in a bowl of punch, and the very next day
Kostich won more than a hundred thousand roubles. For Golovina, the
lady-in-waiting, he materialized the ghost of her dead husband out of
her locket, and the husband actually spoke to her and held her hand,
after which the poor old lady became quite daft... In short, the
miracles are too many to enumerate... The Empress was of a mind to
summon him to the palace, but here a most funny thing happened. Prince
Potyomkin fell violently in love with the wife of this Count Fenix, a
Chech lady, I have not seen her myself, but people say she is a
beauty. Potyomkin had a lot of money, costly carpets and objets d'art
passed on to the Count, but when he saw there was no buying him off
with money, he decided to steal the beauty at his own ball. But that
very day the Count, together with his wife, vanished from
St. Petersburg no one knows where, and the police have been looking
for them in vain till this day...'"

----------------
Powers:

	"fire, water, earth and air; the substances of nature, that
	is, the solid, the liquid, the soft, and the volatile; the
	forces of nature: attraction, repulsion, motion and
	tranquillity; the elements of nature of which there are thirty
	six, and finally the energy of nature: electric, magnetic,
	light, and sensitive. All this is subordinate to three things:
	knowledge, logic and will, which are contained right here,"

	"The materialization of emotional ideas," said Cagliostro,
	yawning and covering his mouth with a hand glittering with
	precious stones, "is one of the most difficult and dangerous
	tasks of our science... During the materialization, fatal
	defects of the idea that is being materialized are very often
	disclosed, and sometimes its utter uselessness too...


------------

Past Associates:

	(Naples was then the third largest European city after Paris
	and London.) He wed the beautiful Lorenza Feliciani, a young
	woman of extraordinary beauty and grace and, like Balsamo,
	boundless ambition.
	[This is the woman who betrayed him to the Inquisition a few
	centuries ago...]

	---------

	In came a tall, perfectly black man, the whites of his eyes
	like hard-boiled eggs. He had on a long raspberry-red robe
	belted with a scarf, and another scarf was wound round his
	head. With a deferential, yet dignified bow he said in broken
	French:

	"Margadon."

	"What are you-an Ethiopian?"

	"I was born in Nubia," Margadon replied calmly, looking down
	on Alexei. "In the reign of Pharaoh Amenkhosiris I was taken
	prisoner and sold to my master."

	"How old are you then?"

	"Over three thousand."
	-----------

	The Countess told him that she had been born in a village near
	Prague, she was an orphan, she was called Augusta, though her
	real name was Maria, that for three years now she had been
	travelling about the world with her husband, that what she had
	seen in that time was more than others saw in a lifetime, and
	that just now, in this morning mist, all her past flashed by
	before her mind's eye, and made her cry.



-------------

Items:

	jeweled rings on every hand
	snuffbox
	magnifying glass framed in silver

Trumps: A full Colin family set, the Dworkin set plus those who Colin
is found who are related.  Specifically of those Cagliostro has met:

Dworkin (back: a unicorn rampant): Janus, Gil, Absalom, 
Mistress Janice, Caelin, King Eric II,
Dworkin, Hamster Dworkin & the Hamsterites, Gerard. 
Also, a five-year old with a fish and a cap and bells, 
kept in a protective paper folder.

The unicorn trump of Mistress Janice appeared in the
deck after Cagliostro was given it.

Colin (back: an inverse starburst, "dark star"): Mistress Janice, 
Colin, Natasha, Nasr Al-Din, Al-Nasir,
Ference (the Vampire), Paul (the skatepunk), Alhaserus, 
his Celtic daughter, Giso, the late St. George, King Osric, 
Plus a place trump for a basement in Scotland kept safe.

(Not Bart, Auricle, Gerard's son, Whendy)

