Blucite's properties:
	  reflective
	  contagious (when sliced)
	  malicious

(What is the emotional context for other materials?)

Norton is working on bits of Colin that have been unearthed.

Cagliostro considers the earth guy trapped in earth.  He considers
Osric, and what power he is using to affect the Blucite.  Cagliostro
asks the Serpent's Apprentice about this power, and the Serpent's
Apprentice is bored and complies.

King Osric's power is:
       - A crystalline power
       - A connection route as in travel between magical realms
       - The connection is used for trading 

It says that powers are balanced, and even if they don't make sense to
be opposites, they tend to react poorly.  It discusses how, in
alchemy, certain things are volatile with some other things, some
things are volatile with everything, and other things are inert.
Logic is not always a factor - some times experiment is required.

Both powers are neutral to everything else. The white crystal was
thought to be inert until it interacted explosively with the blue
"goop". Two inert things, both of which have been used as containers,
that are volatile with each other.

There's no information about the blue power being used for
connections, and it informs Cagliostro that King Osric is reluctant to
share his power that way.

Cagliostro creates a scalpel with a diamond blade, and a small padded
tin.  The blade is very sharp in one dimension, and fragile from every
other angle.  Cagliostro trumps Gil, explains the idea of cutting the
blucite to Gil, and passes it through.  Gil takes the scalpel out,
tests the edge on a hair.  Gil applies pressure, and the knife
destroys itself without any noticeable effect on the blue substance.

Gil thinks, makes an axe with one chunk of blucite, and smacks the
other chunk for a while with no obvious effects.

Cagliostro passes through (highly nutritious) cookies and tea through
Gil for the crowd. The sword sisters are persuaded to sleep, on the
condition that Cagliostro will take a turn sleeping later while they
stand guard.  They loosen armor and bracers, keep their swords close,
and fall asleep at each other's backs.

Cagliostro continues to experiment, and decides to test whether the
blucite has focusing properties when being built into lenses by
inserting pebbles into gels.  The device is enclosed in a
radiation-proof box to avoid playing with Gerard's son's power.
During her briefing, Gil reveals a level of technological
sophistication previously not hinted at, and offers advice and
suggestions.

There is a lot of back and forthing about optics and focal points.
Gil assembles the systems.  The focal point is imperfect in the
pebbling, so the power in the system slowly degrades over a period of
hours.

King Osric comes over and offers some of his crystal for the
substrate, to fill in between the convex pebbles. When this is done,
the power in the system increases.

Cagliostro considers lasers, and discusses them with Osric through
Gil. Osric is familiar with lasers-as-trade-goods, not
lasers-as-mechanical-devices.  Cagliostro passes through a simple
laser mockup for experimentation.

The emanation produced by Osric's crystal has a large quantity of the
nasty radiation in it.  Gil and Osric assemble the proper crystals,
and the laser starts humming and shaking very quickly.  Gil looks very
concerned, and tosses it.  There is a world-shattering kaboom.  The
laser device 

The second experiment (more white crystal, less blucite) blows up
faster. 

The third experiment (one focal point, one wall) fails to do anything
at all.  The fourth experiment involves a less efficient set of focal
devices, and it blows up faster. 

Mistress Janice reports that Gil is hot - and asks for asbestos
gloves, et al.  Cagliostro passes through radiation suits, attempts to
sleeping cover the sword-sisters with a radiation-proof tent, who wake
up grumpily and cut their way out of the tent.  They are handed
radiation suits and grumble about men with magic.

Gil is well off the scale of nasty radiation, Cagliostro starts
detoxification immediately.  The Serpent's Apprentice asks to be
shielded as well, because it's making him uncomfortable.  Cagliostro
creates a box around her to translate radiation to heat.

Cagliostro notes that Gil is significantly unwell, with several cooked
organs.  Cagliostro is impressed that she is still functioning,
breathing, and trying to repair itself.

Mistress Janice contacts Cagliostro, and reports feeling
unwell. Cagliostro gives her a card of himself to leave on the ground,
and then brings her through, and finds that she got a burst of the
nasty radiation and is somewhat cooked and high on the bastardogen
scale.  He adds her to the list of people he's working on.

Cagliostro, with prompting from the sword sisters, realizes he's
infected as well, sloughs his clothes and starts the debastardum
container at the front of the mouth.  Cagliostro realizes that the
debastardum has similar structures to blucite, because it works very
well at what it does.

The Serpent's Apprentice informs Cagliostro reports that it cannot
contact its demon, or verify that the images coming from the
viewscreen are accurate.

The Serpent's Apprentice decides to make a side trip, that Cagliostro
will not notice, and puts Caglisotro, Cemen, Mistress Janice, the
Swordsisters, and the box out of the mouth.  The outside environment
is a well-flowered field.

The knee-high wildflowers seem to orient on the head, pause, and then
re-orient toward the sun.  The mouth spits out a mass of gunk (cells),
goes 'away' in a weird dimension, and disappears.

Cagliostro keeps working, and fixing things.

Cemen looks at a flower, which orients on him.  He shrugs and looks
away, and the flower reorients on the sun.

The growing things near the non-collected dragon cells seems to be
blackening and died.  The stuff around the box has also blackened and
died.  The stuff around Cagliostro looks unwell.

Mistress Janice begins some form of ritualized communication attempts
with the flowers.

Weapon tech is some form of ranged weapon, armor is light, wall is as
hard as rock but completely seamless.  Guard pattern arranged by
someone who is not at war, but vigilant. There are no paths, and no
apparent gates, but the garden is definitely being protected from
something on the outside.

Cagliostro continues work, and starts fixing Gil. Time passes, work
happens.  Gil is damped down to the extent that a radiation suit could
block the radiation, and every one of her organs except her eyes are
functioning.  (Not healthy, but functioning.)

Cemen collects dragon bits into a column one cell wide, and very tall.
Cagliostro is impressed, and vocalizes such.

Gil regains consciousness, and is displeased. Gil is healing more than
four times as fast as Absalom - Gil is not pleased to hear this, and
says that this isn't normal.  Cagliostro examines Gil, with and
without the Lens.

Gil is not healing precisely back to standard - there's more life
force than there was before.  As if someone else was
there... Cagliostro create a pentacle to bind Gil.  The plants and
flowers run out of the pentacle.  Cagliostro tries to bind 

Cagliostro creates a body similar to what the alter-Gil was doing, and
asks Gil to hold its hand.  Still blind, she does so on its first try.

There is a melting between its hand and the newly cast body's hand,
and the two hands blobbed together.  The generic body is now healing
differently, and Gil is not healing except by Cagliostro's
ministrations.

The not-Gil get taller and thinner, the head fuses to the body without
a neck, the mouth doubles, there is no aperture for eyes, the second
mouth seems more noselike (the first mouth is more digestive, the
second more breathing).  The shoulders get more rounded, and ball and
socket joints in the elbow appear, the fingers get shorter and
blunter, the joints in the fingers get less well defined (but are
still hinges). The ankle becomes a backward-bending knee, the knee
fuses more into the hip joint, the feet becomes more hoovish than
feet, with some sort of opposed thumb to the split hoof. It seems to
be breathing and the six-chambered heart is beating, and blood and
not-blood

The hands separate, and the new form lies on the ground, legs and arms
spread.  As far as Cagliostro can tell, it's only metabolizing.

Gil is bound by the pentacle, difficult to manipulate, and fixed with
a weird mouth, six-chambered heart, and no eyes.  Cagliostro is less
than pleased.

The plant-creature is a collective consciousness, and Mistress Janice
is able to communicate with it (the first biped to do so).  It is
amused at us, amused at the idea that we might have something to give
it, but tolerant of the whole process.
