The Ifrit board the galleon, but do not report back.  The ship seems
to be made of closely fitted wooden planks without repair, tar, or
pegs.  Cagliostro cannot affect it, nor can the Ifrit scrape a sample.

*THWOP* - Princess Chandra performs a credible flying impression and
 lands near Cagliostro.  She reports that there's nothing on board to
 kill.

It's unalive, so she would normally talk to Jean, but he is currently
compromised. It's also very well defended.  Princess Chandra and
Cagliostro discuss being out of ideas.

Princess Chandra walks up and makes a scraping - and is blown back.
Cagliostro can tell that reality shifted such that she was blown
back. She says that she would normally ask Jean's attention since the
ship is 'unalive', but since he is compromised that doesn't work.

"On that note..."  Cagliostro breaks the coin.  After a few
heartbeats, the coin reforms and Cagliostro hears a throat clearing
behind him.

Ferethyn appears, and apprises the situation.  He has an idea, and
goes up and fails.

The reality engine played a large role in the construction of the
ship, and was probably pushed over the edge to make it.  Ferethyn
knows of a seeker - one named Clarissa - that considered it the most
important thing in the multiverse.  It is not safe to name its
creator.

Cagliostro lays out the impossible plans:
Impossible plan 1: Find some way to kill something that isn't alive
IP2: Uncompromise Jean and 
IP3: Boost the mystic inertia of the wood-eating serum such that it works
     (becoming impossible plan 1)
IP4: Restore a dead person with access codes
IP4b: Strike an acceptable deal with the person from plan 4
IP5: Use the reality engine to influence its creation
IP6: Find some way of trapping Dalkantyr that it can't get out

(*binding)

An Ifrit suggests that the boat may be lonely for water.  Cagliostro
takes this under advisement.

The same Ifrit that suggested the boat may be lonely for water says
that he knows of death, but does not believe in it, so he volunteers
to board the boat and find out.  He composes a glorious poem about it
that the other Ifrit scribble down, then he goes in with Princess
Chandra one step behind him.

"They are both dead and not dead".  They agree that sounds bad.
Princess Chandra says that it's a matter of time - they were cut out
an instant before their death, such that there would be a chance of
later saving them.  She speculates that this was done by someone
trying to gain access to the system 

Cagliostro has about 30 Ifrit, so he decides to create three
metaconcert sets, three spares for each, and three normal Ifrit to
keep watch over each pair.  Cagliostro thinks about trying to block
monitoring of the lessons, realizes it's a lost cause, and gives
up. Cagliostro teaches 57 of the Ifrit magic while three others keep
an eye out.

Ferethyn has conducted both multipurpose rituals and rituals that
involve swapping people in and out - and Cagliostro can use help with
the coordination.  (Ferethyn does seem to have arguments with himself
every so often).

The Ifrit have enough variation that the teams have a natural leader
and break into their sections naturally.  Time passes, but there's
nothing to mark the passing except for some dark blobs occasionally
passing on the outside of the pink stuff.

Of the three teams, team Alpha and team Aleph have reached the point
at which they should be able to maintain the ward.  Team Ahad will be
at that point soon, and they have time to practice.

Team Alpha steps in and takes the reins of the ward.  Mistress Janice
holds on for a bit so that Cagliostro can verify the ward's effacacy,
and after he does so she lets go of the threads.  Things remain
stable.

Mistress Janice requests more help with her hands and feet, and
Cagliostro steps into the ward and does so.  It is easier to work on
here than it has been in other place.

Time passes.  Gil turns to Cagliostro and says "Someone just tried to
log on.  I have no idea how I know that."  They discuss what happened,
Gil has already figured out everything that Cagliostro knows.

Cagliostro creates another Johnny, tells him that Gil appears to be a
remote terminal to the reality engine, gives him a trump card of Gil,
and asks him to concentrate on it.

Johnny writes with his handfeet - 
       - That he has accessed the computer with Julian-level access
       - That it is confirmed that Llewella is involved
       - That there is a deathtrap around the terminal
       - That someone else is trying to log on in the terminal in the lab

Cagliostro tells Johnny that a "clone" of his went with the assault
force.

Cagliostro is vibrated by the Voice looking for "Lord Snarsht", and
there is conversation via Johnny.  Apparently the cat is Lord Snarsht.
His presence is requested because Faythe is dying.  There is a new,
clumsy vibration attempt, and Cagliostro alerts the original one to
it.

Cagliostro, Snarsht, Geryon, Titania, and Norton are in a room.
Faythe is lying on a picnic table, oozing blood and barely alive.
Cagliostro checks - nothing that Cagliostro can do can help.

Cagliostro wakes himself up, and talks to the Ifrit.  He tells the
Ifrit that Allah was injured.

Shift three takes over, and time passes.  Mistress Janice is
practicing fine motor skills.  Johnny requests more crystals from 'the
Fringe' and suggests sending another clone.  Cagliostro (with Princess
Chandra's help) opens a gate to Chaos, steps through, and creates a
clone.  The clone vanishes - non magically and without any apparent
special effects - and returns shortly afterward with a hamster and
crystals.

Cagliostro talks to the hamster Benedict, and learns some things about
the Fringe.

None of the Ifrit are 'fringeworthy'.  Gil is.  Gil says that
Dalkontyr is, and someone named Mikail added it to them.

Geryon and Snarsht reappear, and report that Faythe is well and that
Llewella is on the run.

Shift change happens, again and again.  Ifrit bring more crystals, and
Snarsht asks why so many removes are happening.  Cagliostro explains,
and Snarsht demonstrates an ability to turn on or off
'fringeworthiness'.  Since magic doesn't usually work on the Fringe,
Cagliostro creates three new Ifrit and brings them to Hamster
Benedict.  They assist.
