Malcolm has been convinced not to sally forth for adventure.

Mistress Janice wants to do something - anything - to distract
herself. She suggests that Cagliostro continue his studies at the
moment because they are left alone.  Cagliostro begins to create a
mental to-do list, and suggests that Mistress Janice test the Serenity
crew for magical aptitude (other than Kaylee's conjuration).

One of many cornices turns into a servant, takes the homonculus, and
wanders off.  Cagliostro notices that there are quite a few cornices
in the room.  "Huh."  Cagliostro goes back to the to-do list.

Results of the magic examination:
	River refuses to be examined
	The Amazons are magic-positive
	Mistress Janice doesn't bother to check Cemen
	Janus and Calla are magic-positive
	Roland is magic-positive
	Malcolm is not
	Zoe is magic-tainted
	Simon is not (but she hesitates over him for a while)
	Jayne is not (he's barely sentient-positive)
	Four of Jayne's weapons are magic positive, one of which is sentient and more so than Jayne (Cagliostro makes a note to tell Jayne)
	Inara has potential - but not actualized - and a spell on her

Cagliostro confers with Mistress Janice, and he talks to Malcolm while
she talks to Inara.  Malcolm is not happy that Jayne has four magical
weapons, one of which is smarter than Jayne is.  He considers the
sapient weapon a stowaway, and is not entirely pleased.  He chooses
the "wait and watch" option.

Cagliostro goes out, Mistress Janice and Inara are gone.  And still
gone. Cagliostro checks the card - her card is warm.  He's not
encountered this before.  Cagliostro contacts Colin for a "bug
report".  Colin says that the warm card means that the sender or
receipient is in a place the cards don't work - and since he's
contacted Colin, that means his daughter.  

Colin is concerned by Mistress Janice's disappearance because Caelin
has also vanished - there seems to be a connection.  Cagliostro puts
Janus and Calla on Caelin-level debacle alert.

Cagliostro and Calla go into the next room while Darkstar talks to
Janus. Cagliostro looks for a gate and traps, and finds both.  The
room is covered in very old traps that would interfere with a magical
gate, and one may have been set off.  

Cagliostro raps on a cornice, apologizes for breaking its idiom, and a
different one shifts into a person.  Cagliostro lets the staffer know
about the Caelin problem, and the staffer leaves (indicating a third
cornice).

Cagliostro carefully opens the gate, and it goes to a place with
apparent Verse-level tech.  Cagliostro writes a note on a piece of
paper and throws it through, it returns with a "please hurry" response
from Mistress Janice in blood.  The careful kind, not the I'm dying
volume.
	
A book and a pen is passed through, along with a challenge.  The
response keys into the map of the other side, and the crew passes
through food, drink, and a chamberpot.  The full pot is passed through
thirtyfive minutes later, leading people to believe that the other
side is running much faster.  

The people on the other side are apparently chained, so Cagliostro
tries a number of different techniques for freeing them from the
chain.  All have failed so far, but they are still making the attempt
and in communication...
