Cagliostro has an idea, and contacts Colin via the cards.  Colin says
that size is irrelevant to the power of the cards, so it would be
possible to create a 10' long card.

Cagliostro decides to explain the situation to Colin.  Colin asks if
they've tried to pull on the chain - Cagliostro pauses.  "No, not as
such."

Colin is intrigued by the idea of using the card to get out, but
predicts it will fail spectactularly.  "I suggest you use a minion."
"_That_ spectacularly."

Colin repeats his advice to pull the chains - he says that there is a
local tendency to underestimate "mechanical advantage".

Cagliostro begins to sketch out a plan.  Someone comes in to tell
Cagliostro that there's a cat, a dragon, and an elf in the room.
Cagliostro says "A dragon!" and throws a note in to Mistress Janice
letting her know he's going to recruit.

Back in the room: The two sword-sisters, Cemen, Janus, Calla, Roland,
the ifrit, the crew of Serenity, five bats, five mice.  The bats and
mice prostrate themselves in front of the cat.

Cagliostro briefs the group on the problem.  They say there is a queue
of people that need rescuing. The elf needs to borrow the lens to
figure out what is going on. 

They discuss what to do about it.  Cagliostro goes for the plan,
building the rube goldberg machine.  Cagliostro adds a blast shield on
the outside of a gate.  Mistress Janice and Inara sign off on the
plan. Kintani has problems moving the lever, so Janus, Calla, and
Roland are imported to help pull.

Inara pops out, naked and with surface lacerations.  Cagliostro heals,
cleans, and clothes her, and she is released.  Parts are replaced, and
Kintani pushes again.  Things go much more quickly this time, and
Mistress Janice pops out - minus hands and feet.  Cagliostro staunches
things and conjures clothes.

Cagliostro wheels the somewhat sedated Mistress Janice into a
different back room 

The Voice asks if Cagliostro understand the nature of Jean -
Cagliostro demurs, minus the communication and monitoring aspects. The
Voice says that Jean is one person with many bodies, and sometimes
their enemies compromise the Jean network.  Caerlithan makes
comparisons involving the immune system.

The Voice says that the enemy has access to a 'reality engine'.  The
Voice does not know the full capabilities of this system, but does
confirm that it not only sounds bad but is bad.  The most powerful
controller of the computer is dead, but another enemy is now in
control of the system and causing problems.  There is some discussion
between Kintani and the Voice about just how dead 

There are many Jean in the same place as the reality engine, and there
may be layers of subversion going on. 

The elf says this person has also most likely captured Caelin, and is
using him as some sort of magical battery.

The compromise was discovered by Dworkin going insane, because
something called the Pattern drives him insane.  As the Voice
continues, Cagliostro reminds the Voice about his control.

There are apparently millions of Jean bodies, and going into mental
contact with Jean causes a River-style meltdown.  Discussions happen
about affecting the monitoring system.

They were trying to find Caelin, and ran into a trap - the environment
is hostile.  Cagliostro asks about what the group's primary goal
is. At this point, Cagliostro notices an itch in his mind as if
someone is using Cagliostro's card to contact him very weakly and from
a distance.  Cagliostro realizes he's been having the communication
for half an hour, and decides to let it bide for a moment.

primary goal:  remove the person from the control of the reality engine

The reality engine has a great degree of control over local
realm with a great degree of versatility.

Colin flies out of Kintani's nose, flies onto Cagliostro's forehead,
disappears and returns.

Gil is in Blucite somewhere, and used the ship as a power source to
vibrate at the same frequency in order to pass a communication method
through.  Darkstar can get there, come back, but not bring anything.

Darkstar had problems maintaining his form, and shrugged off the outer
layer of his carapace going through.  

King Osric arrives, Cagliostro briefs him, including speculation about
how the radiation was created.

Someone named "Neville" was supposed to clean this up, and has failed
to do so.  Osric confirms the priorities.

They have a programmer with experience with this particular
computer. The Voice brings him in.

Cagliostro begins to read the memories of the programmer, Johnny. The
Voice warns Cagliostro that the machine made Johnny pass certain tests
and may have imprinted things on his mind and soul - so be careful.
Cagliostro carefully starts to record memories, and at some point
after a death and rebirth and remaking by someone named Snarsht,
Cagliostro trips over something that IS AWARE AND LOOKING IN HIS MIND.

Cagliostro panics, and decides to wipe the memory.  He warns the group
to maintain state, wipes the memory, and finds that there is still
something in his head.  He panics, and looks for something to do with
the computer connection, and finds the conduit to Gil.  Cagliostro
shoves the thing in his mind down the hole.

Cagliostro knocks Johnny out, and then puts him into a coma.
Cagliostro creates a new Johnny up to the point of the compromise, and
quietly kills the old one.  Cagliostro suggests that a plan be put
into action, quickly.

Cagliostro apologizes to Janus for throwing the connection at Gil, and
Janus says that Gil has survived worse.

Osric reports that we have a man on the inside - and he's
competent. The plan: jailbreak.  So, Osric starts passing his power
through.  Janus has a card to pass through that can be used to bring
the army through.

The Voice reports - the jailbreak is succeeding, and Caelin is freed.
It is decided to leave the guilds there as a beachhead, but to get
Caelin out - but not here.
