Cagliostro offers to create armor for the hamster Brand, but Brand is
convinced of the power and comfort of fur and tries to talk Cagliostro
into looking into that.  "You are too hung up on the physical, my
friend."

The ship reaches Chaos.  

-- Silver Lyra is the first to approach the king, and says "Excuse me
   my King, but there is a matter of state."

River is quite grateful at her new outfit, and Cagliostro tries to
forge a more avuncular relationship rather than letting her forge a
dependency.  River says that she won't become dependent on anyone,
because they all go away, and Cagliostro decides not to step in her
issues at the moment and changes the subject.

Completely lucid and sane for a moment, River says to Caglistro "Some
day, come ask me for something."  He bows, kisses the back of her
hand, and says "I shall."  River laughs and skips off.

Brand approaches Cagliostro and says that someone should warn Malcolm
that the rules in this place change every few feet - Cagliostro
nominates Roland for the job, because he doesn't think that it would
be a good idea to experiment.

A whale appears next to someone who has been talking to Caelin, and
she and the whale disappear.  Malcolm and his crew point guns at where
the whale used to be, and the Doctor notices that River has wandered
off.  Cagliostro splits the group - he and his daughter go with
Malcolm's crew, and the competent people go to _actually_ find
River. The sword-sisters and Cemen stay near Max.

Cagliostro convinces Jayne to stop tromping on a mop-type spaghetti
monster, and Malcolm helps him do so.  Cagliostro realizes it was
screaming not out-loud, but by creating pain chemicals near
Cagliostro's nerve endings - a neat trick on someone real.  Cagliostro
checks it for further damage, acknowledges it and politely wanders on.

Cagliostro prevents Kaylee from losing a hand to a random strawberry
plant, and the group continues on.  The dragon that stooped on Caelin
reappears, and vanishes again.

Cagliostro notes that walking forward does not always lead to the
place in front of you, and going backward does not always reverse
going forward. Zoe has been lost.  Mistress Janice suggests roping the
group together, and this is done.  The only consistent items are Max
and some towers of a cathedral-type building, and Max is taller.
There are intermittent radio conversations with Zoe, who provides
descriptions of where she is and is asked to stay still so we can find
her.

The remaining crowd is: Malcolm, Kaylee, Jayne, Cagliostro, and
Mistress Janice.

After quite some searching, Princess Chandra appears before Cagliostro
and bows.  He is sure it is her. Princess Chandra offers people a
passage to safe places, and Cagliostro lets her know about the King's
obligation to him and accepts.

Princess Chandra gives her word to Malcolm that Zoe and River will be
sought for by people familiar with the local area.  Mistress Janice
opens a magical gate to some fantasy castle on an island, gestures us
through and walks through the gate.  Cagliostro follows, after giving
some reassuring technobabble to the crew.

Cagliostro talks briefly with Princess Chandra, who reminds him of
Cemen and her concerns with him.  Princess Chandra finds Zoe, who is
suspicious, but is gated without incident to Cagliostro and Malcolm
outside the castle.
