(Cagliostro has realized that River's brain and spinal column were
probably ripped out deliberately by Brand, and there are points of
severing along the spinal column.)

Jean passes through a request to cure the radiation from the other
people who were trapped in Hell.  Cagiostro realizes that he can take
a break, but Kaylee suggests going through to avoid taking a break.
Cagliostro realizes that this is a bad place, and people should leave
anyway (particularly if they keep dying).

Cagliostro's magic sensors collapse.  Cagliostro sighs, and creates a
few magic-sucking crystals to take advantage of Caelin's background
radiation.  Malcolm announces that the boat has landed.

Cemen says that this is a much better place, and now it's OK to die.

Roland pilots the shuttle to the other group, with Mistress Janice,
Cagliostro, and the River Tank.  The sword-sisters are given the
assignment of keeping Cemen in a place far, far away from Caelin, and
keeping Zoe alive as well.  A flaming arrow appears in the sky, and
Roland says "Ilk?" then turns to Cagliostro and says "We're in good
hands."

Elsewhere, Cagliostro's crystals stop sucking in magic briefly, then
start back up again. Cagliostro works on radiation-shielding the River
Tank.  Sucking off.  Sucking on.

Cagliostro sees the crowd, including his Ifrit (with proto-Ifrit in
his pocket) and four people he doesn't recognize.  He checks the crowd
- they're covered in Hell radiation (like Gil), which is different
from the Hamster planet radiation.  Cagliostro can't eat this with
nanites, it has to be done the old-fashioned way.

Cagliostro creates decontamination chambers for everyone, and the King
comes out the other side, much happier.  Cagliostro creates a backhoe
and sensor for Roland, and starts him taking contaminated soil into a
disposal site.  

Caelin shifts into his large furry form, and re-contaminates the crowd
somewhat.  Cagliostro conjures a new decontamination chamber for the
yeti (with very large electric razors).

Osric collects the scrapings and discards in a strange crystal
formation. Cagliostro talks to Osric, and passes along Cagliostro's
theory that the Devilish son of Gerard used a combination of
'bluecite' and Osric's power to create Hell-radiation.  King Osric
says that Hell is gone, but Cagliostro points out that how the
Adversary learned the power should be a concern.

The containment field disappears, along with its contents. A giant
pencil appears that erases the symbols in the sky, and then draws new
hundred-foot sigils in fire.  A labeled bucket appears, and two of the
strangers begin working on it.

River gets to a point where she's stable on her own, but has a lot of
healing and restoring of mystic inertia to do.  Cagliostro can't help
but notice what one of the strangers is doing with the bucket.  With
the King's permission, Cagliostro goes over and tries to figure out
how the stranger is 'fixing' what was in the bucket.  While the
stranger works, he complains about bugs not being tasty.

Each piece the stranger pulls out is uniquely alive, although it needs
to be part of a system. He's keeping it unique and part of a system
while creating it as part of a larger system.  It's freaking cool.

Roland communicates an all-clear with the ship, although Cagliostro
asks him to amend it to pass along River's improved status and
emphasize his instructions to his sword-sisters. River stays sedated
while she rebuilds.

Time passes.  The amount of light neither waxes nor wanes.  The female
stranger asks for a break, but is told by the other stranger they
aren't stopping.  She asks for a sandwich, which Cagliostro provides.
Cagliostro offers tea or coffee, which surprises her.  When Cagliostro
tries to check her mystic inertia he's blocked inches from her skin,
and he opines that it probably wouldn't help her energy levels anyway.
(Cagliostro realizes he doesn't know how to do that.)

Mistress Janice uses the cards to contact Cagliostro, and passes along
a bone-vibration message not to feed "Llewella" power, and not to
create any direct links between people and her.

Llewella concentrates, and all the blucite vanishes.  The stranger
grabs the bits and freaks out, and Cagliostro tries to react.
Llewella vanishes, a cage appears just after, and two of the other
strangers jump after her.  The stranger has grabbed all the bits,
integrated them, and falls over.

Caelin moves his magical cage, and Cagliostro and Mistress Janice
track back to where the gate went to.  Osric opines that wherever she
went, she will be defended - but she will also be in difficulty,
because of the one who followed her.

Cagliostro "coordinates" with Caelin, opening up a one-way sight and
sound gate to the place where Llewella fled.  It's a mandala, glowing,
that the Serpent's Apprentice identifies as a transport mechanism.

Osric asks Cagliostro to bear witness to the Assassin's Guild about
what happened with Llewella, which he agrees to do.  Discussion
happens, and Osric suggests that everyone go back to Chaos in Osric's
ship.

Osric is warned about Malcolm (as cover for Cagliostro's negative
reaction to the initial idea) and then the group flies in a shuttle
back.  Osric takes a humanoid form. Norton reaches down and touches
River, who HEALS and becomes River again.  Cagliostro offers Norton a
card, and asks to learn how he's doing that thing he's doing.

Cagliostro is getting definitely crazy vibes from Norton, which are
raising his hackles.

Malcolm greets Osric, who is introduces as a King in his place, who is
interested in a reward. Osric talks to Malcolm, throwing it on thick.
Cemen says that Cagliostro's sisters are teaching him to balance a
plate, and Cagliostro commends him.

The boat flies into the Serpent's Apprentice, and the game hangs.

-----------