In the midst of building, rebuilding, solidifying, and establishing in
the new world.  Most people are unwilling to go over the edge, and
those who have gone have not come back yet.  Cagliostro holds off
sponsoring explorations.

One or more tribes in the Anvil has gone missing - near the bisection
point.  They didn't go down the ramp after the guard was established,
and could have fallen off or gone over the wall before the shield was
established.  The tribe does not often interact with outsiders, but
their absence was eventually noted when they stopped showing up for
trading encounters.

Things are getting down to routine.  Cagliostro and his daughter are
spending times and trying to bond, which can get uncomfortable at
times but is mostly positive.  She is both curious and reluctant to
talk about Gerard. This was her main time spent doing something other
than obsessing in Cagliostro.

Alhaserus is working his way through Cagliostro's historical archives,
providing first-person annotations.  He's trying to ease out of the
limelight, but then he comes down and announces that he has to leave.
He has had prophetic dreams that indicate something bad will happen to
him, or to those around him, so he is going to leave.  Cagliostro
gives him a trump of the Freemason safehouse.

Ramp guards announce a black storm cloud at ground level that
enveloped him, and then there were no further footprints.

Trumps: A full Colin family set, the Dworkin set plus those who Colin
is found who are related.  Specifically of those Cagliostro has met:
Janus, Gil, Absalom, Mistress Janice, Colin, Caelin, Natasha, Nasr
Al-Din, Al-Nasir, Vampire, Skatepunk, Alhaserus, his Celtic daughter,
Giso, the late St. George, Gerard, King Osric, King Eric II, Dworkin,
Hamster Dworkin & the Hamsterites.  Also, a five-year old with a fish
and a cap and bells, kept in a protective paper folder.

(Not Bart, Auricle, Gerard's son, Whendy)

Plus a place trump for a basement in Scotland kept safe.

Cagliostro and Mistress Janice check their resources on Alhaserus's
doom. Occasional meterological anomalies that map and have had no
explanation. Mistress Janice determines that it's cyclic, tied to 'as
soon as he's doing well'.  Seldom the same doom, and sometimes he gets
more settled and successful than others.

Cagliostro and Janice contact Colin, who says it sounds like a
conjuring trick.  He recommends examining the area for magical effects
or perhaps talking to Nasir-Din, who had mentioned that he was
actively avoiding being near Alhaserus.

They travel to the ramp to investigate the weather
phenomenon/defenses. Cagliostro brings Gil and Absalom over to help
investigate the Japanese gentleman at the base of the ramp.  Said
gentleman isn't responding to greetings, or breathing.

Cagliostro touches him - he feels like wood.  Knocks like wood.
Examines him with the lens: Strong Wood, Strong Mountain.  There seems
to have been a transformative process that started from inside.

Cagliostro ponders the situation, and creates a clear boring worm to
go into the center.  It starts turning to wood slowly; if the rate is
consistent, he started turning to wood at the point the report said
that the knelt down.

Desert-adapted horse arrives, with control gear and a severed foot.
Absalom makes friends with the horse, then Gil and Absalom agree to
track it back.  They take the vehicle and go off, after punching the
horse out.  The guard post is called to get the horse and bring it
back.

The Japanese gentleman turns back from wood over the course of half an
hour.  Cagliostro fixes the earlier hole, eventually.  The individual
recovers, but continues to ignore Cagliostro.
