
Get to the next breakpoint - an indeterminate amount of time later.
Take a breather.  There is someone standing right before Cagliostro
for just a second - and then they're gone. (No one that Cagliostro has
seen before.  He saw them, but other senses - and the feel of presence
- was not there.)

Cagliostro performs some mental cleansing, then continues on.

During the next break, Absalom says "I have watched. I have seen."
Cagliostro gives a speech about internalizing the pilgrimage, now is
the time to experience, not to analyze.

Cagliostro talks to Janus about taking a circuitious route, in case
they were being followed. Janus says "I saw it too - your death.  Not
sure whether it was part of the ritual."

"May I ask what form it took?"  "Age. Not sure how to steer us around that."

Cagliostro continues the ritual; he takes a break to create a stash of
elixir of youth.  He realizes that the last time he made this, it was
for the wife he no longer remembers. Cagliostro angsts.

The ritual continues; more pain, more anguish.  Cagliostro comes to
the next break point.  Absalom says "I have seen, and I am sorry."
Cagliostro gives another speech about the centrality of thought to the
universe's past and future.  "But wow.  I'm sorry."

Cagliostro goes back into the ritual; he has one more bit before the
next liedown.  Janus's blade pierced through something that looks a
lot like one of the folks from the demon house.  Congealed smoke
around the blade wound is making it difficult to see exactly who it
is. It seems to have happened a long time ago; no one is particularly
paying attention. Cagliostro acknowledges it, and realizes that he's
going to need a break.

Colin is missing, Absalom is missing, Janus is bleeding out of a nasty
looking shoulder gash. At some point, Cagliostro's ninja has
vanished. Cagliostro gives a speech about breaks to meditate and
ponder the experience.

Cagliostro asks about a place to have a lie-down.  Janus suggests
Princess Chandra. Princess Chandra creates a portal of rippling
blackness, Cagliostro steps through. An old hand takes Cagliostro's
hand; the skin is paper-thin, the bones feel fragile.  Cagliostro
carefully takes the hand, which sort of moves Cagliostro, who then
steps out through something else.

Cagliostro is sitting in a nice sitting room.  No windows, no doors,
no corners (everything is rounded).  No one else is in the room.
Cagliostro sits in a reclining chair, wipes the bad memories.
Cagliostro has one or two things left to do before he sleeps, probably
for a couple of years.

Cagliostro gets up to have a snack - there is a small spread of food,
which constantly regenerates when eaten.  He ponders whether or not
it's worth creating a bodyguard - and realizes that he doesn't know
anything, so it -might- help.  Cagliostro creates a ninja, but realize
it's -very- hard.

The table is mostly depleted - but is now growing back.

Shaken awake by old hand.  Skeletally thin, dessicated corpse of ninja
 in a comfortable position right by the table.  Dried out leavings 

Food on the table - but nothing to drink.  Cagliostro feels unwise.

The decanter tastes somewhat brackish - or that may be the taste in
his mouth.  The water is pure, must be something else.  Cagliostro
washes that taste out. He checks the book - 35 years of tickmarks, two
days in the middle with different handwriting, after which the
hierogylphs become much more complex.

Cagliostro leaves the decanter, and asks to leave.  The hand reaches
out to his shoulder, pushes him in a direction.  Cagliostro steps out
from under Princess Chandra's outstretched arm, as Janus finishes the
word he was on when Cagliostro left.

Princess Chandra asks Cagliostro if he believes that those he creates
have souls - he replies in the affirmative, expressing sorrow for the
one who died.

Princess Chandra hands Cagliostro what looks like a small fish scale.
"Then this yours."

Standing in Colin's place, is Marial - though she looks
different. Cagliostro speaks of the importance of recognizing sound
counsel, wherever it may come from.

Princess Chandra pauses the ritual, talks to Marial.  Marial looks
taken aback, they chat more, then bow as equals.

Cagliostro restarts the ritual.  A good 150 years in, hit with
turbulence - unsettlement.  Something that was going on.  Cagliostro
notices that it ended with a major bloodbath - hundreds of sentients
all being pushed into the sandstorm.  Sentients are not humanoid, but
showing fear and moving in a coordinated fashion.  They are being
pushed in by someone who vaguely resembles the hunchbacked dwarf named
Dworkin.

Cagliostro creates a few images and passes them around as examples of
being used as an object, even when you try to disengage.  (Janus:
"That rat bastard.")  The torment is less, now that all those souls
have been pulled out. 

Cagliostro feels something tugging him toward the real world - it
looks crowded.  Less space than we had before, just lots of little
scales - as many new scales as Cagliostro saw coming out.  Although
each is a small scale, they take as much space as the sentient they
were made from.

Going is easier until Cagliostro sees someone who looks a -lot- like
Cagliostro thrown in, the same individual who chased the others in..
Cagliostro never saw himself go in.  Cagliostro pauses momentarily to
ponder possibilities, and checks for a scale - no new scale.

That individual shows up several more times.  Not all the others do,
but most of them do.

Reached another demarcation point, do another purge.  Save memories of
people dying (backwards, quickly) and the thrower.

Absalom and Colin return, and are shown the pictures to catch
up. Colin notices that Cagliostro-ish's appearance is missing, and
asks Cagliostro if there is one missing.  "Yes." Absalom: "Rat
bastard... If he wasn't already dead, he would need killing."

Marial talks with Colin and cedes her place; she goes over to Princess
Chandra and sits near her feet. Cagliostro fails to get involved, and
continues on.

During the process, there is an earth-shattering kaboom in reverse.
Cagliostro is knocked of his reverie.  The image from before stands
physically before Cagliostro - and the former image.

The person talks to Cagliostro, and acknowledges Princess Chandra as
the person he sinned against by creating the Eaters, the Unmakers, the
Unsayers.  Cagliostro talks the individual into trying to stop his own
creation, even though they - and his redemption - are doomed to
failure.

Cagliostro reforms the mental connection after horrifying the
individual - by mentioning that he's already been in mental contact
throughout the sandstorm process.  The entity first tries to shock
Cagliostro - "I ate your brother."  They confirm it was the incident
in question - the brother died, but forgave the entity - but cursed
that which threw him in.

They discuss the end result of the process - bringing him back to a
formative stage.  "But then I will not know how I created the
unmakers" - we'll archive that which you were, and tell Marial how you
did that. 

"My daughter does not deserve this."  You can discuss this with her,
it is her choice.  Cagliostro offers to 

The entity brings back one of Cagliostro's oldest memories, of being a
small child looking up at his mother with un-ending devotion.  it's a
matter, Cagliostro explains, of respecting the boundaries of your
parole - to avoid making those mistakes.

Cagliostro works on a plan.  The entity 

Something other than Cagliostro shut down those systems - they really
should last longer than that.

Demon was unmade - he never was, nothing he discovered existed.  Janus
has no memory of the demon.  Cagliostro regains control.  He gently
chides the entity, who says he can't _help_ unmaking things.

Proceed through the wreck and horror that is this gentleman's
soul. Cagliostro notices that he's getting tired.  He takes a break,
and notices an extra pile of jewels - the entity has figured out the
technique, and has been using Cagliostro to perform it.

The entity disentagles from Cagliostro, and goes over to talk to
Marial and Princess Chandra while Cagliostro takes a breather.
Cagliostro stands in line for attention; Colin comes over next to talk
to him. Colin warns Cagliostro that the demons feel the compact was
broken, and Cagliostro had initially instructed them to kill him if it
failed.

The binding works both ways - even Cobalt, or places like it, aren't
far enough.  Don't leave your back unguarded for a few millenia,
advises Colin.  But he does know this guy who has a very safe place -
if not a very comfortable one.  Just use a contact card to get in
touch with him...

Colin throws a stone to disrupt the conversation - it is cleaved,
grabbed, and unmade. "It's a pity Melkezedik isn't around - he's good
at fixing things.  I wonder if his apprentice is still around..."

Someone appears with unfocused eyes - looks like the old paintings of
Corwin, but female.  They discuss falling over, and how the gems of
memories are evil.

Coral slows down Cagliostro, introduces herself, unravels out.
Cagliostro sleeps, wakes up as sound and movement return to normal.
The ritual restarts, now that Cagliostro is rested.

The entity is shedding a crystal a second, Cagliostro leads him along
the path of the Sephiroh and alchemy toward redemption.  Reach a
section of memory where he was fighting with Princess Chandra; between
the two of them, they laid quite a bit to waste.  She destroyed his
upper body just before he unmade the Serpent - but he survived, but
distracted.

Causing a loop - unmaking something that was required for you to learn
unmaking - creates a 'paradox spirit':  a free-range unmaking entity.

Continue back; Princess Chandra is Marial's mother.  Continue further
back to their courting and falling in love, before Marial's birth.
Get to see them born of the sea after a rewiping, a few times.

He's very young - he unmade his nurse.  Before that, something twisted
- he went from being very old to being very young. A little farther -
standing on the edge of what was a set of mystical realms, watching
them all dissolve as he steps away.

This has recurred in the past. Each time, he's gotten fed up and wiped
it.  Only once was he stopped. Each time, he feels regret, but doesn't
see how he could have taken any other past.  He only loved once -
Princess Chandra - and only had one child - Marial.

First memory - stepping onto an edge, getting attacked by a bunch of
people and unmaking them. Cagliostro stitches together some memories
with Princess Chandra and Marial.  Cagliostro supplements that with a
pastiche of other memories to guide him in a non-unmaking direction,
including bodyguard training 1.0.

As we walk on sand before the end, Cagliostro asks people to offer a
memory to help guide him.  Mistress Janice gives a memory of her
mother singing a lullaby. (Cagliostro keeps a copy.)

Princess Chandra gives a pertinent set of memories (edited).  Marial
gives memories of Wyndam, her apprentice - the joys of watching her
apprentice deal with things just a little beyond her each time. 

Absalom gives the memory of the first time he discovered the joy of a
simple rain on an open field after a long campaign.

Gil gives the memory of dusty research - hunting down a bit of
esoteric research deep in the stacks, and the flash of joy of
understanding.

Colin passes along the memory of watching Cagliostro make changes to
Castle Cagliostro to make it untrumpable - putting that much work in
rather than just killing the person who could make the trump.
(Including the view from the corner of the fountain where nothing change.)

Janus gives the series of times he has enjoyed knowing the success of
his descendants. 

*al-Nasr's memory goes here*

Nasr al-Din gives the loooong series of memories just lying there, in
his tent, hearing his dancing, and the drumming, and the joy of
whatever encampment he was in.

Cagliostro gives his memory of the discussion of their voluntary
limitations.

The border of the elements - a beach at sunrise, with a bonfire

We can redefine our past by changing our interpretations of it

commands:
be free of the constraints of your past
be free of your preconceptions
be free of all bindings and constraints

"What do you call yourself?"

He responds "Cemen".

He bows to the air, bows to the fire - the fire bows back.  He bows to
the sea.  The sea manifests to a form, bows, and manifests back
down. Janus explains that the air is Ilkandacian, the water is undead
philosophers, but who is the fire?  They boggle quietly.

He sits near the fire. Marial worms her way under his arms and puts
her head on his shoulder. Princess Chandra entrusts something precious
to her to his care, and then heads off to where she is needed.

Cagliostro talks to Absalom and Mistress Janice about the demon house
attacking him for a few millenia.  The sea offers the advice of being
busy - hiding means that they're controlling your life.

Ilk teaches demon melt - Fairly elegant spell - but won't work on
anyone who has more mystic inertia than he does.
