Caelin-the-furry-beast returns, singed and blackened and with a
footless man in his arms.  Norton starts healing people, and yowls
with Caelin for a bit.  There is some conversation about weaseling and
beastiality that Cagliostro does not participate in.

Later, Caelin returns again with an earthquake following him at a
fixed distance.

Gil trumps Cagliostro, and they discuss stalking landslides and the
possibility that the regenerative landslide is a prisoner.

Gil asks Cagliostro if he has any small mice or rodents around, so
that she can check to see if the landslide responds to smaller
creatures. Cagliostro creates five ninja mice and passes them to Gil,
who boggles.

Gil briefs the mously Strike Team Alpha and brings them to a larger
space.  The backoff seems to be size-based, and Gil realizes that up
and down are harder to control.  Gil asks for bats, and takes five
bats.  Gil plans to be at the center, covering the bottom.  A mouse
objects, but Gil says she's used to soaking up this much damage.

The plan goes into effect and traps the landslide - it doesn't notice
Gil, and gets pinned and shrunk into three times the size of a human
head.  Gil asks for a bottle, and Cagliostro passes through a very
strong sack for the landslide.

Cagliostro asks the Serpent's Apprentice about bringing a landslide in
a sack into the mouth. Gil passes the bag through the Trump, and
Cagliostro takes it.

Caelin returns, screaming and spinning.  He leaves again with Norton,
rapidly. Caelin and Norton return with a sleeping lizard.  Norton
warns people not to poke the lizard, it's hot.  Or if it wakes up, let
it look at them.

Cagliostro tells the bag "You're outside of hell now, you can probably
shapeshift."  Shake, shake, rumble, quiet, knock.  A short dwarf with
a red hat and a white beard named Floyd comes out.  His regular pickup
didn't arrive for the first time for several hundred years, so he
checked and found a maniac at the bottom of a crater.  He smelled
about 95% brimstone, a touch of sulfur, etc.

The gnome eats limestone and craps platinum and gold, and can sense
the composition of things by smell.  Cagliostro talks to Gil about
what she can do for them, and she asks what he can do for blucite.
The gnome is passed through into hell and starts checking out blucite.

Gil identifies the 'lizard' as a salamander.  "We have _fire_ power!"
Cagliostro passes through lizard blinders.  Floyd waves at Inky the
salamander, and expresses confusion about the blucite pebbles.  Upon
being told the pebbles are perfectly reflective, he asks for one cut
in half so he can see if it's reflective from the inside.

Gil thinks about it, and asks Osric.  Osric thinks about it, and
splits the blucite pebble in half.  Floyd pops the pebble in his
mouth, then spits it back out - his tongue is blue, and he is
distressed.  Norton comes over, removes the tongue and regrows it.
Floyd reports that the substance is contagious, malevolent, and tasted
faintly of water. When questioned, he thinks that living things don't
tend to taste that way - it might be unalive, though.

-- Jean perks up -- 

"Let's find out whether it's undead," says Norton.  Who does
something, and shrugs.

-- Jean comes through as a saucer.  He can't tractor or presser the
   inside stuff, and can't affect it as being unalive or not. Jean
   pokes around - the blucite doesn't rub off on the blucite or the
   unblucited tongue - it may be a living thing thing.

-- Norton creates an expendable minion - a gingerbread man out of his
   finger.  The old half-lozenge doesn't do anything, but when the new
   one is used as a hat.  The amount the gingerbread man displaced was
   the amount it was covered.

The gingerbread man was apparently undead, and is still fighting to
get the hat off.

-- Jean reports his findings ("Not unalive") and goes back through to
   Cagliostro to homunculize.
