Cagliostro returns to teaching Cemen, Marial's father.  He has no
knack for martial arts - almost as if he's never used his muscles in
this way.  Ever.

He's -really- bad at it - Gil suggests that he works on limited
shapeshift.  Shifting into part of the sandstorm as a defense if he
gets in trouble.

While working on the details, someone comes galloping up in a fully
matched and tricked out coach and four. The horses have been run hard,
and the driver is very wild-eyed. A deep voice from the coach: "Here
is where we stop.  Do NOT water the horses here."

The Edwardian gentleman (muttonchopped, tall silk top hat, etc.) comes
to the window. He calls out in almost-English, and a form crests out
of the water and forms a face, then responds in the same language.

Cagliostro picks up enough to theorize that he's asking about the
future, and he's not liking the answers he's getting, but he's
accepting them.  He sees the crowd, and says "kill the witnesses, and
we'll go."  The driver answers in a Cockney accent "What witnesses?"
They exeunt.

Gil is missing. Cagliostro talks with Janus, who admits to a
preference for Rock that is outmatched by Gil's use of Paper. 

Time passes.  Gil returns, and tosses a dagger casually to her
father. They discuss whether Janus is collecting mementos of people
who have threatened her daughter.

A discussion rises up about relatives and mementos and shapeshifting,
which gets animated and draws in Colin and Marial's father.  Gil
approaches Cagliostro for help with horse maintenance, since she has
acquired a matched set.  Cagliostro follows Gil as they walk to
someplace that isn't there, and a short walk later they arrive at the
coach and four.

Gil uses a yo-yo to pull the nails pinning the driver, freeing him so
that he can help (after he promises to help). The driver is almost
useless, and can only be a good driver because his family has been
doing it for generations.  These horses seem uncomfortable when their
partner is not next to them, and work should be done in tandem.

The coach smells vaguely of brimstone, and Gil and Cagliostro are
lighter than the person.

Cagliostro talks to the sea about philosophies and the late
passenger. Apparently the questions involved hypotheticals about new
religious orders. This individual's name varied, but usually involved
some variant or permutation of "Devil" or "Diablo".

A wave comes up next to Cagliostro, and then recedes leaving a map in
its wake (as well a disconcerted Cagliostro).  The map is fairly
detailed for the continental map.

Gil decides to go off and check the place out (walking there), after
giving Janus another chance.  Cagliostro tips his hand a bit giving
Gil advice on her card conjuring trick.

They discuss Cemen, Shadow, Reality, Mystic Inertia, the nature of the
Sea, etc. The Sea tends to think of Shadow and Substance as being a
nature of the creature and the place as being entirely different.  The
Sea thinks of Reality as the hand and the Shadow the sand it is buried
in - both have value, and one is more malleable than the other.  The
distinction does not relate to the amount of the mystic inertia.
Dworkin created a halfway space in between them.

Cagliostro is offered a spot in the philosopher's guild, which has
mobile members as well as the sea.

Cemen tries to shift - in the middle of wards - and partially succeeds
and partially fails.

Cagliostro chats with his daughter, coming to the realization that
she's been completely obsessed with finding him. Her few interests not
involving Cagliostro predate her mother's death.  She's pretty
obsessed with Cagliostro, and also ducking questions involving her
boyfriend (Gerard).

After a couple of days, Cagliostro gets the scratching in the back of
her head signifying a mental contact. Gil is there, and identifies the
religion he was trying to suppress as Verra-worship. He had been the
god of the area, but lost his powers and all but 8 or 10 of his
worshippers.  Gil offers to pick up supplies, such as food.  Gil also
ran into an "old friend" who may come back with her.  The contact
ends.

Cagliostro talks to his daughter about godhood. The Sea concedes that
there is no consensus on the mechanics of dietyhood.  The Sea says
there is a communication channel unique to godhood - they test it,
Cagliostro fails, Mistress Janice succeeds.  

Mistress Janice discusses godhood with the Sea - when a god loses all
its worshippers, they die.  Concentration can block the god channel,
but mental power and worshippers energy makes that harder.  The Sea
worships gods it likes, so that they don't lose all their worshippers.

Janice realizes that her researchers are worshippers, and she can't
really abandon them.  She decides to take a mental break and teaches
Cagliostro "cat's cradle".
