Cagliostro creates an additional no-stabbum field ring for Cemen.

At the base of the ramp, assembling

A doorway opens on the side of the ramp - out of the doorway steps a
Caelin-looking thing and a hand-height pixie dressed in green brocade.
They both have pink dust stored everywhere, and none of them are
radiating magic.

Cagliostro and Darkstar have a quick mental conversation about how to
get Cemen away from Cagliostro before the insulation wears off.
Darkstar suggests a supply run, and puts Gil in charge of it.

Caelin complains about being opened without permission, and greets
Gil.  Gil starts assembling a supply run, and Mistress Janice
volunteers to stay behind.

The pixie shakes off pink dust and changes clothes to something
suitable but still fashionable.  They inquire about Titania, Queen of
Faerie, but Cagliostro is not familiar with the current location of
same.

When examined, the pink dust tries to jump onto the lens, but it is
hastily blocked by 

The pixie above the fire turns into a salamander and dances above the
fire. The salamander leaves the fire alone, and the power gets sucked
out of the fire instantly.

Cagliostro creates a tub full of water (which the pixie briefly dips
in, turning into a mermaid), and instructs Caelin to wash the dust off.

Less effort to achieve the same conjuration effects than when Caelin
is not around.  Cagliostro creates uniforms over the next rise,
eventually at about the 6th uniform, one becomes super-aged and the
next doesn't want to hold its stitches.  It continues to unravel and
becomes a pattern - unraveling as if the process is reversing.
Cagliostro keeps an eye on it as Caelin continues to degunk.

Once Caelin degunks, the pixie flies up and grabs his flute, and they
are both _gone_.  No magical residue, no nothing.

Colin says he has seen things similar to the rapid aging and
unraveling effects in Chaos, which he is now banished from.  He
mentions his banishing came from proving a more politically connected
person wrong.

Mistress Janice creates a note on the metal boxes - "Do not open by
order of the count".  Cagliostro gets sand shoveled over the metal
boxes, then goes up the ramp to post a guard...
