Cagliostro realizes that whatever happens, he can't go along with the
group.

Cagliostro consults Johnny's memories about the target - he has been
brought directly into the lab

There are transports, marked on the map, that are poorly understood.
Johnny has marked some of them in red as dangerous (based on
information from Jean).

There is a primary laboratory, and once you are introduced to the
computer there, you can access the computer there or at any
terminal. There are computer terminals throughout the lab, at almost
every door.  Cagliostro doesn't know how how access is determined -
that is specifically what he ripped out of his memory.

Johnny doesn't know how the system is powered, or what technology it
runs on - magic, electricity, etc.  Johnny thinks it is
"reality-powered". Cagliostro is skeptical, but concerned.

Cagliostro conjures a 3D version of the schematic of the target
location (colored plastic piping) with the lab that Johnny had seen a
bit filled out.

The lab was subject to change - it changed while Johnny was in it.  It
reconfigured itself when he accessed things, and bits in the lab would
move when he wasn't paying attention.

Apparently the target is filled to saturation with troops that are
theoretically their ally - and are Jean.  The troops are theoretically
ineffective or, if effective, are allies - but the enemy may be able
to see or spy through Jean.

According to Janus, apparently all Powers are blocked everywhere in
the target except for the lab - similar to Hell.  Moving troops is a
challenge - there is a surface environment with different rules, and
we don't know what controls it. Powers are also allowed outside, but
apparently the nature of the place prevents them from working.

There was a blue pressure wave (that sounds like a scanning line, but
Geryon reported a feeling of pressure).  Any non-local objects - with
the exception of the crystals of Osric's power - was covered in the
'blucite' material.  Janus's army was either immune or found a place
to hide, as they were not blucited nor did they need to be rescued.

Drilling the tunnel to escape the wave fails - apparently the reality
is just as small as the cave.  Janus goes through to find out how his
army survived it - it turns out that they are immune to blucite.  So,
new plan: evacuate.  Cagliostro steps out of the assassin's guild with
King Osric, his daughter, and Calla.  Nothing happens.  

Cagliostro gates one realm over, and ends up gating five over -
they're very closely packed. Cagliostro asks Janus to start passing
people through - Janus wanted a gate.  Cagliostro conjures a very
distinctive obelisk marked in Enochian on this side.  Carolan is
passed through the trump, and opens up back.  Evacuation happens,
including buildings being evacuated.

Janus and then Caerolan come through the magical gate, which stays up
despite Caerolan's attempts to close so.  Cagliostro tries to knock
out structural supports - they regrow.  Cagliostro hucks a
magic-eating crystal at the gate, which drains to full power and the
gate stays up.  Cagliostro creates a great many magic-eating crystals
and throw them through.

Someone changes into Caelin's form, and all Cagliostro's magic-eating
crystals (including the ones that are off) all explode.

The gate goes down, Caelin shifts back and introduces himself to
Cagliostro as Rainbow.  Rainbow asks if Cagliostro is a healer, and
says that he should help Carolan.  Cagliostro checks - Carolan has
burned something nonphysical out in his power set.  It looks serious,
but not life-threatening.

Janus vanishes, and contacts Carolan.  Carolan starts flipping through
his cards, so Cagliostro hands Janus his "trump".  Carolan vanishes,
and Cagliostro gets a weak trump call.  Cagliostro accepts, it's
Carolan.  Cagliostro starts passing the tall elf army through.

Osric suggests acting as Carolan's anchor.  Cagliostro tells Carolan
to contact him if he encounters problems.  About fifteen minutes later
(subjectively), Cagliostro gets another weak trump contact from
Carolan. Carolan needs reinforcements - he's getting decimated.
Cagliostro waffles about ethics for a bit.

The Ifrit volunteer (sort of) to go through, so Cagliostro asks for
someone to help with their mystic inertia.  Rainbow asks, then twigs,
and _pushes_ the generators.  They are now creating Ifrit with more
mystic inertia than Cagliostro.  Cagliostro passes some through,and
they create new generators on the other side, which create new ifrit.

"Count Cagliostro - did you just pass me an infinite horde?"
"Apparently so - I didn't think that would work there!"

A dragon arrives with Al-Nasir, who settles down and goes through to
burn things.  When the ifrit and Al-Nasir are passed through, the
trump connection goes down.

Cagliostro contacts Janus via the cards.  Janus is still 'sort of'
outside the cavern complex, but doesn't want Ifrit backup - he doesn't
want to win from where he is.  He does want to have plentiful, strong
(but not necessarily quality) alcohol on hand for when the army
returns.

There is some discussion of whether Cemen is fine and Cagliostro
should be there - but Cagliostro is required for communication.
Princess Chandra apologizes, but lets Cagliostro know that if he's
compromised she'll have him killed.  He thanks her for the apology.

The group discusses contacting the third group, and Princess Chandra
is quite curious about what 'sort of' means.  Cagliostro contacted
Janus again by the trumps.  Janus reminds the group that "Cyndia is in
the standard deck" and illustrates what 'sort of' means to Cagliostro
- his troops are tearing out the ceiling and linking the outside with
the laboratory.

Cagliostro breaks the contact, and gets a card for Cyndia from Gil
(who was rescued in the mass evacuation from the cavern prison).
Cagliostro contacts Cyndia, who is outside with the Warrior's Guild.
Cyndia is wildly optimistic to the point of delusion, and very vocally
of the opinion that her guild will win glory and success while the
feints fail.  Cagliostro is perplexed by that, and by her exaggerated
slapping of a mosquito where none exists.  When he breaks off the
contact, he's also surprised to see that her eyes are glowing on the
card.

Consensus seems to be that the eyes were some kind of indicator, and
the 'mosquito' gesture indicated that the enemy was eavesdropping on
the calls. This is a matter of some concern.
