Gil contacts Cagliostro using the cards, to let him know that Gil has
been found and she is with Caelin. 

Cagliostro decides to send Simon through to River, to try to keep
Caelin distracted and away from Cemen.  Simon is OK with this, as long
as he can bring Kaylee (who is still shaky after all her psychological
stresses).  Cagliostro feels that Kaylee is well enough to travel
(although she has passed out again) so he gives the group a quick
"it's an instantaneous transport mechanism" lecture, cautions them to
contact Gil as soon as they say anything that concerns them.

Caelin passes through Simon and Kaylee to Gil.

Time passes.

Gil contacts Cagliostro via the cards, and says that a family member
who is a chemist is trying to help River's condition, but they require
someone to help with the synthesis.  Gil suggests asking Colin for a
card to contact someone named "Random".

Cagliostro concentrates on the card.  He contacts a mind that is not
all there - parts of it are somewhere else, having a madcap adventure
chasing jabberwockys or something.  Cagliostro marvels for a moment,
then focuses on the mind that is here.

Cagliostro and Random compare notes.  Random calls him a creationist,
Cagliostro says he prefers alchemist, and Random says it's been a
while since he met a good alchemist.

Random's mind focuses very well, down to chemical formula dancing
through his head. They discuss River's condition and what to do, and
their poor opinion of doctors.  They come up with a medication, which
is a phage so that River's system won't be able to build up a 
resistance to it (easily).

Cagliostro conjures the medication and passes it through, and it is
given to Simon.  Cagliostro and Random chat briefly and compare notes
and high-level life stories.  Random admits to being Caelin's
grandfather and related to Faythe and Gerard.  They discuss the poor
moral fibre of Amberites.

Laetatio is Caelin's father, and apparently he has it worse.  Random
suggests trying to avoid extended exposure to Laetatio. Random offers
to help later on with River if necessary.

Later, Random contacts Cagliostro again after having talked to
Colin. He was planning on dropping by Darkover, and talks to
Cagliostro a bit about that.  He also suggests checking in with Janus
and Calla, although Random plans to avoid them because his relatives
tend to rub each other the wrong way.

Cagliostro contacts Janus in the middle of a bar fight.  Janus is not
participant, but is ducking. Cagliostro fills in Janus on what his
life has been like.  It is not brief. Things have been much quieter on
Janus's side of things. Jodo is doing a good job, but
complaining. Janus and Calla have sabotaged a nuclear weapon that was
intended to be used by a failing Caliph. Janus asks Cagliostro to
check back in. 

Janus also lets Cagliostro know that the cards that aren't developed
by Colin can be eavesdropped on. As far as Janus knows, it's a literal
eavesdropping, and the eyes will glow if the cards are being
eavesdropped on. Absalom, Calla, and the vampire are doing well.

Time passes.

A formal young lady, tall and pale and skin with pointed ears and
somewhat elfin comes to the archway and bows formally, to the room,
Cagliostro, and Malcolm specifically.

A short time later, Gil contacts Cagliostro - a goddess wants to talk
to him.  Since it would be impolite to say no, Gil passes Verra
through.  (They have met, at Max's party.) Verra says that one of her
favorite and most subtle worshippers passed the messenger through
-here- - and she doesn't know why.  They talk possibilities a bit,
Cagliostro hands her a double-wrapped note with some hints about
Unmaking in case that is involved.
