
Janus realizing his sword is missing might create an Eater - realizes
he's not entirely sure about what creates an Eater.

(Has definitely removed the memory of the first Unmaking)

Theory: Noticing the paradox causes the Eater

Eaters are detectable by things disappearing - no other record.

'Demon melt' is a 1:1 power/mystic interia lowering spell -
catastrophic drop in mystic interia.

Magic is anti-entropic - the longer a spell is around, the more
powerful it goes

Alchemy is more of an 'onto' relationship 1->1 in both directions

The problem with birds and fishes can't be unmaking - if it were,
Cagliostro wouldn't remember that it had been happening (and a -lot-
of eaters would be created).

It could be eating, it could be a spell like 'demon melt' gaining in
power.

(but where would the power come from for the ?)

Cagliostro ponders, works.

----

Princess Chandra returns, suggests that the place is a bit undefended
for experimentation - go back to Cagliostro's labs?  Janus suggests
Amber to avoid attack by demon friends, offers to lead the way -
Cagliostro (and Princess Chandra) concur.  Janus offers to host them
as guests of a relative of the King, in the castle ('a large castle').

Arrival at Castle Amber, formally greeted by King Neville.

Invited to dinner, time explained, a more Chaosian house down the road
from the Castle.

Cagliostro makes the wrong turn on the way to his room - he's positive
that room is his - but it's not where the guide is leading him.
Cagliostro sighs and follows the guides.

The alarm goes off - Kintani has arrived, says the Presence.
Cagliostro is escorted to the roof, where he picks up Kintani and
brings him back to his room.

Cagliostro gives Kintani a very brief summary of the Cemen situation,
and introduces him to the group, especially Cemen.

Kintani mentions that the birdy/cat things - the presence identifies
them as 'Griffins' - they are 'patternish', says the presence. Kintani
speculates that this quality may protect them from the
thing-that-kills-birds.
