Four month gap in logs caused by rsync --delete:

** the crabs were dealt with somewhat cleverly (demagiced?) and stored
   in stasis in some safe warehouse somewhere.

All of the settlements in Darkover - including the planet - are
moving, relative to one another and the suns.  This movement can be
tracked.

(Faerie) dragons import themselves to Darkover - five are given
permission to settle (by whom? faythe?) and Cagliostro 

Cagliostro creates the Black Roc, a solar-powered, bird-brained
creature with a blue gem in its chest to fend off predators (dragons).

Caelin shows up with Ruby in tow - leaving hard radiation behind,
similar to the crater formerly New Amsterdam.  People are protected or
resistant, except the Bedouin ambassador.  Cagliostro blocks the hard
radiation spreading out from the point.

Sent to hell (by Caelin, naturally) along with: Cemen, Gil, Absalom,
Mistress Janice, sword-sisters.  Another hard radiation burst left
behind.

No powers work in hell, for anyone, really.  Any kind of magic or
conjuration is massively painful for Cagliostro. Not physical pain
which could be medicated somehow.

Blucite blown everywhere - covering Cagliostro and everyone else.
Cagliostro keeps himself occupied by designing a seed that will
through stages create Ifrit-generation machines.

Cemen is distressed, but distracts himself with mental contract with
Cagliostro. Cagliostro realizes this is through some kind of mental
contact with the fragments of himself in Cagliostro's hell.

Cagliostro brought out into the mouth of the Serpent's Apprentice. 

Cagliostro constructed Ifrit-creating von Neumann machines - a bag of
them, with a bird, sent in to be seeded all over hell.  Ifrit are
designed to have combat skills, a sense of poetic justice, poetry, and
the best that Cagliostro can accomplish toward shape-shifting.

(Possibility that Roland is in hell)

Cagliostro has some insights into Blucite and how it is perfectly
reflective (even nerve impluses in a partially blocked hand), but time
doesn't appear to interact with it so it's not stasis fields. However,
there's no need to breath or carry out other physical activity that's
impossible because of the tight fit.

Logrus-test was explosive - very nasty pattern-saturated hell.  One of
Ilk's old hells that was stolen and repurposed.

Osric and the very competent demon are in Hell, de-bluciting Darkstar
(or the pebbled blucite boulders where he is).
