After significant discussion, Malcolm etc. decide to go back to
BunnyWorld with a larger landing party - everyone but Cemen, Gil,
Brand, Jean, the ninjas, and the prisoners.

The bunnypeople are about 2/3 human mass, with bunny paws and
manipulator arms out of their marsupial pouches.  The bunnies walk,
and their fore and hind legs are proportional. The ears are customized
and ornamental (ear bodmod), No bunny sex is apparent.

The gravity is heavier on Bunnyworld than Cagliostro is used to, the
air is richer. There is a One World Government.

River climbs into a rabbit to say hello; fortunately for everyone, it
was dead (killed accidentally in the landing).  Untouchables have
tattoos on their bellies in the missing area - Malcolm etc. were
unhappy about this and tried to stir up a revolt, and failed.
(Cagliostro fails to help the revolution get jump started, and doesn't
correct them for starting in the proletariat and not the bourgoise.)

Untouchability is a punishment for crimes, not a hereditary class.
The legal system is set up to condemn people to untouchability.  Just
enough bunnies work off their crimes to give the others hope - about
two a generation.  Mistress Janice is the first to establish
communications, and creates translator spells for the rest.

Roland is staying out of pretty much everything, having been to a lot
more places.  The food is good, the drink is good, he doesn't need an
army or a woman, so he's trying to take a vacation.  He's enjoying
getting back into shape and is trying to be less jumpy.

Cagliostro has shuttled back and forth to check on things.  The doctor
and River went back with Cagliostro on the next trip back.

Jane has found, and has fallen in love, with the Big Fucking Rabbit
Gun.  He's failed to steal one (multiple times) and is trying to
scheme a way to buy one.  Cagliostro recognizes certain engineered
mythlike qualities about the BFRG, which was developed at the end of
the last Great War.  He fails to share.

Zoe is staying at Malcolm's shoulder, and not doing a hell of a lot.
She's out of her element and knows it.  One of the sword-sisters is
keeping an eye on Zoe to make sure she doesn't throw her life away
unacceptably.  The sword-sisters recognize the symptoms, and have
nursed Amazons through the syndrome before.

Kaylee is around and checking out bunny tech, and is absolutely loving
the food - fresh fruits and vegetables, everywhere.  The ship folk are
used to eating vat-grown paste supplemented by fruits and vegetables.

There is a radio message to the shuttle that an unidentified ship has
been detected - Brand recommends and Cagliostro seconds the plan of
waiting in the ship to see what happens.

There were about thirty ships. Back up on the ship, there is a fairly
massive battle in space.  The other side fires first. The weapons seem
torpedo-based.  Some ships were destroyed, others disabled.  Boarding
was debated, and looting - I mean salvage - was chosen.

The ships were composed of spider-people - about four inches long, and
an inch and a half tall.  They were able to cross space without a
suit, and their ships are not airtight.  The "spider" identification
came from River.

Cagliostro can't figure out how their hive mind works, River thinks
it's a form of telepathy because they're very noisy.  Cagliostro was
able to target their biologies, but anything he does to affect them
kills them.  They are fragile.

There is no attempt at communication, even for the disabled ones. The
drives are reaction drives.  Although the spiders are all killed,
Cagliostro can tell that The ships are a disappointment There is no
loot.  Lots of hibernation cradles.  Nothing obvious as food.  The
torpedoes are spider-piloted.

After this, the bunnies are much easier to deal with, psychologically.
The crew is happy, thinking they killed all of them.  Cagliostro,
Brand, and River keep quiet about the hive mind aspect of things.

For just a moment, on the planet. Count Cagliostro senses a debacle,
and has no idea why.  Gil also gets the same vibe and calls the
shuttle. Cagliostro cheats, and tells them the local equivalent of
Reavers are on the way.  The group hastily gets ready and leaves back
to the ship.

Brand tells Cagliostro that they detected a fleet of FTL spider-type
ships at the edge of long-range sensors.  Brand asks whether they
should fly or shift, and Cagliostro suggests shifting (Brand says
that's what he thought).

Brand and Roland shift away (the process requires both of them), and
they are over a similar planet with a double star and a single star.
Malcolm's crew is disturbed.


