Cagliostro has flipped the switch on one of the generators in the
dragon's mouth, feeding power into the process and monitoring the
generation of a single Ifrit.

Gil is watching Darkstar being zapped out of Blucite, and a furry
Caelin-yeti runs up and asks for help.  Gil volunteers.

Cagliostro Trumps Gil, which is a real stretch. They talk about the
foolishness of helping Caelin versus his importance to Princess
Chandra, and after the Trump contact drops, goes forward to help Caelin.

Gil Trumps Cagliostro soon afterwards, and says "You know, he might
have actually done it this time."  Caelin found the way the interloper
came in, so Gil sent him off to distract him while she rescued "him"
and put him in her debt.

Caelin returns and talks to the demon.  There is gesturing and
scratching.

Cagliostro is trumped again by Gil, who passes through an old man.
There is a pressure wave when he comes through.  The old man
introduces himself somewhat as a gentleman of Chaos, most recently a
prisoner of House Cara.  Cagliostro's perceptions stop at his skin.

Osric has unearned some chitinous bits, which strikes everyone as a
bad sign.  They pause to discuss whether they're causing the problem
or just discovering it.

The gentleman says that he will continue his plan to become Cara, and
the bodiless voice vibrates Cagliostro that after this, the prisoner
is going back.

Cagliostro pauses to examine the process, finds a flaw in the fifth
stage that will cause problems later on.  He fixes it, back corrects,
and writes a note to the bodiless voice asking him for another chance.

The voice responds: "he had a chance, and he blew it when he said he
was going to try to become Cara.  Cara is an ally."

Gil Trumps Cagliostro and aks him to ask the Serpent's Apprentice what
the smallest amount Norton needs to work with.  They are concerned
about the chitin bits and want a backup plan.

The gentleman turns white at the mention of the Serpent's Apprentice,
and hopes the response is not spoken.  Cagliostro openly realizes
whose mouth they are in, and agrees this would be bad form.  The
gentleman agrees with Cagliostro that he is in fact supervising, not
in charge.  Cagliostro talks with the Serpent's Apprentice and Gil
about the pile of Colin, and bringing Norton (who needs Essence to
work with,not substance, unlikely to escape Hell) is plan D or E.

Cagliostro realizes that the Sword-Sisters are starting to have
radiation trouble, so he Trumps Gil and asks her to pass them through.
At Gil's instigation, he agrees they should be warned about where
they're going.  Gil talks to them about the dragon's mouth, and hands
them through the trump.  There is again a pressure wave coming through
the Trump.

They come through, and Cagliostro realizes that the radiation
protection has completely ablated and damage is just starting.
Cagliostro fixes the damage there is and replaces the radiation
shielding.  Introductions happen, as does tea.

Caelin returns with someone new, who introduces himself as Janx the
Conjuror.  The gentleman does not recognize Janx.  Gil Trumps
Cagliostro for advice, who sticks with 1) keep him on the side where
magic doesn't work and 2) pump him for information.  Janx explains his
story, which involves attempting to conquer worlds in order to live a
life of luxury.

Cagliostro discusses Chaos and Cara with the gentleman.  Apparently
the members of the house are "useless wastrels", who use alcohol as a
universal solution, and tend to delay problems and make it worse.

Caglilostro namedrops about how Princess Chandra respects the current
head of Cara, but the gentleman claims that Princess Chandra was a
myth. 

Janx asks about subverting power structure, but Osric slaps him down.
Janx offers to help however he can, in exchange for a ride out of
here.  Janx claims that he's a man of his word, and immortal, but does
not deny being untrustworthy otherwise.  Under questioning, Janx
admits that he doesn't know why he's immortal, but he must have
figured it out somehow - he doesn't age, heals more quickly.

Janx tries to conjure and help with the blue bits, and knocks himself
unconscious.

The gentleman talks to Cagliostro about Blucite, and inquires about
its properties.  Perfect reflection - passed back - if he tried to
shift the bluecite - that could explain things.  

Gil asks Cagliostro to ask the Serpent's Apprentice for Norton, and
the vibration happens - that the process will be bad with Cemen
around, so he shold go into Hell.  Cagliostro announces that everyone
needs to go into Hell, and Trumps Gil to start things through.

Everyone is passed through into Hell, and Janx is warned about Cemen
(don't upset him, that's the sort of thing that will really upset all
of us).

Eventually, Gil sticks out her hand, pauses, and sends a sword-sister
through, then pulls Norton back.  Norton speaks Yeti to Caelin, an
obscure Masonic dialect to Cagliostro (and Cemen), and several people
are passed back out of Hell (Cemen, Sword-sister, Mistress Janice,
Cagliostro).

Cemen comments that he doesn't know when he learned that language -
and Cagliostro agrees that Cemen problably got it from him, but
doesn't explicitly cite a mental connection.
