The ship is in transit.

Cagliostro tries to explain will to power and the primacy of the
patient and their will to the healing process. The doctor doesn't get
it, and is all about the expert doctor.  The doctor is unwilling to
accept the evidence of Cagliostro's earlier healing, as he was pretty
injured at the time.

Cagliostro talks to the doctor about alchemy and elemental symbology,
which the doctor accepts as a symbology (being an educated person).
Cagliostro says that Jayne is fire and earth (grounded violence),
River is unbalanced in fire (violence, which the doctor is in denial
about), 

-- Johnny has gotten to mid-level security, and Julian didn't have
   that much access (we have precisely as much access as Julian does,
   because the system thinks that Jean is Julian).  Ilk asks about
   progress, Jean updates him, and Ilk asks about blucite and blucite
   removal.

-- Johnny finds Blucite 101, which is just about transport and
   storage.  Blucite 101 doesn't get up to even describing how to
   create it.

-- Llewella's records are not available (and people who have accounts
   are not available, if they have more access than you).  The only
   entry for "Gerard, son of" is Duncan, who is accounted for.

-- Jean tells Ilk about the Son of Gerard and his attempt to destroy
   the hamster planet.  (That bastard!)  Apparently Hamster Caine had
   been too close to the planet to survive, and will be added to
   Norton's queue.

Cagliostro wraps up after being vibrated by the Serpent's Apprentice -
"I thought I asked you to stay still?"  Cagiostro fills the Apprentice
in on what happened to the plant (got upset), the planet (flew away),
the working left behind (blown up, left a hole).

Ilk says there's something wrong with the place that Cagliostro is,
which is "very fast".  Cagliostro can talk to Roland - but Ilk
recommends Cemen instead, as he may be the only one who can detect it.

Cagliostro goes to look for Cemen.  Cemen had talked to Kaylee, who
may have pitied his appearance, told him to call Cagliostro "Captain", 

Cagliostro promises an introduction to agriculture for Cemen, as well
as seasons.  Cagliostro hands Cemen an impression of the conversation
with the Serpent's Apprentice - Cemen understands.  "Don't die here."
"Good advice," replies Cagliostro.  "Why?"

Death here might create a contradiction, the consequence of an
unmaking. If anyone on the ship dies, it could create a contradiction
- Cagliostro doesn't understand how, Cemen couldn't explain it.
Cagliostro realizes - everyone?  eep! And contacts Roland 

Cagliostro fixes the dying, tortured prisoner.  Cagliostro gives
Roland a bit of info on why death is bad.  Roland is familiar with
Cemenpower, so it's an easy explanation. Roland asks Cagliostro to
berate him for "wasting a prisoner" in front of the other two, as to
avoid ruining his effect.
