Cagliostro is getting a mental contact from Gil.  Caelin has left the
assassin's guild and 

River is with Caelin, and Simon is not with them.  Gil says Caelin's
involved, so Simon's loft.  River cartwheels through the trump.  A
wounded, shirtless Calla comes through, a ragged tear from just above
her left shoulder to just under her left breast. An elven stranger is
handed through, similar to the woman who came earlier looking for
help.  Natasha comes through, then Caelin with Darkstar in his pocket.

Caelin asks where they are, Cagliostro says "where Princess Chandra
told us to stay". 

River pulls Simon out of thin air.  Natasha disappears.  Simon and
River argue.

Cagliostro introduces the elf around to the room to everyone: Captain
Reynolds, Zoe, Jayne, Kaylee, Kintani, the sword-sisters, Mistress
Janice, the Ifrit (first of his kind), the bats, the mice, and
Cemen. The elf recognizes Kintani, and they talk for a bit.

Cagliostro checks Calla's wound, which has gone sceptic but is still
healing (she has her sister's healing ability).  She's embarassed
about it, and it was apparently some cat whose claw ripped through her
old uniform.  Calla is going through some sort of self-denial, waiting
until she has proven herself before accepting a new uniform.

Someone comes into the slow area, slows deliberately, greets Malcolm
and then wanders over to Cagliostro.  She waves to Kintani, who nods
back.  She introduces herself as Kili, an apprentice of Shiryu, and
she had some questions about how and why a planet's shell got dropped
on Darkover.  Kintani says "Ilkdancian", which is sufficient for
her. Cagliostro offers his help if adjustments are required, she
leaves.

River collapses while talking to a homonculus and the elf guy.
Kintani asks for Cagliostro's help - River contacted Jean, who is
"everywhere all at once".  Cagliostro checks - she's physically fine,
but her brain is firing faster than Cagliostro has ever seen a brain
fire before.  Cagliostro realizes the only way he knows to fix this is
to wipe the memories, which means experiencing them, so he creates the
comfy chair behind him and performs the wiping.  As he tries to ignore
the memories, he collapses back into the chair.

Cagliostro has an awareness of an itching going on in his head,
similar to a mental contact.  He regains awareness in a gray space in
front of a beautiful woman who introduces herself as Queen Titania of
Faerie.  Cagliostro is polite and Titania is gracious, and Titania
says that Cagliostro is not commonly found in her realm of dreams
because he tends to make his dreams actual in the real world. Titania
lets him know that someone other than Caelin is trying to contact him.
She lets him awaken from his deep slumber - which is not a gift - and
he says that he is looking forward to seeing her again.

Cagliostro regains consciousness into a massive headache and a trump
call. 

Kaerlin comes over and takes Cagliostro's hand - Vialle introduces
herself, says that she is blind and says that his goddess is very
unwell.  She does not want her prophet to know, but wants Kaerlin to
go.  Vialle pulls Kaerlin through, and he feels a hand clasp his
shoulder, then the contact is over.

Cagliostro returns to the warm embrace of unconsciousness.
