The woman that was submerged in the silver is simple to physically
heal; a few injures, none in vital parts.  Janus is tricker.

Cagliostro convinces Janus to let him help - sloughs off the top flew
layers of skin.  Janus's eyes, ears, and lungs are coated with silver.

Cagliostro begins to create oxygen in Janus's system, and creates a
fluid bath to immerse Janus.  Cagliostro starts a mild current moving
through the bath and starts electroplating.  (The vampire is horrified
at all the silver flowing out of Janus's mouth, lungs, etc.)
Cagliostro conjures some simple artistic forms in the fluid to receive
the charge, so that Janus will have presents to hand out this year.

Natasha and Zack are marveling at the skatepunk's inability to hold a
bladed weapon without cutting himself.  The bedouin and the wandering
jew are watching this.

Mistress Janice comes over and waits for a free cycle.  She
half-apologizes, saying that after hearing how others have treated
their children, her experience was not that bad.

Cagliostro admits how old he is; his daughter admits to being four
generations old. "Feuds run deep and long, and I would rather not have
one between us."  His daughter admits (to his embarassment) that he
has been the focus of her life for most of it.  Stalking off left a
gap in her life, because of Cagliostro's absence.

She feels she's wasted her life; Cagliostro politely disagrees, and
mentions that he's spent a few centuries working on the philospher's
stone.

Four generations... 160 years... after Napoleon.  Cagliostro was in
the east, studying alternate traditions and keeping a low profile. He
doesn't recall sleeping with anyone who wasn't oriental.

Cagliostro admits to Janice that he has no conscious memory of her
mother.  "Mareska" - lovely, auburn haired, smallish woman.  "Loved
Cagliostro like the sun and the moon."  Died during a war in England -
aerial bombardment.  Janice has fond memories of gardens, but never
found out where she met Cagliostro. Cagliostro admits that he's not
sure that his memories are untampered with.

Janice draws a sketch - of an old woman - that is completely
unfamiliar to Cagliostro.  They discuss things; Cagliostro admits his
fears that he may have entered into an arragement with the demons to
keep certain information from himself.  Janice says that she's good at
keeping screts; Cagliostro duplicates the locket, with a copy of the
picture she just drew.

Cagliostro and Janice discuss demons; Cagliostro was rumored to have
been involved in something that a mage named 'Aleister' performed on
the pyramids some time ago. Cagliostro recalls having corresponded
with this person; good at self-promotion, but kind of a jerk. Someone
else's myths have blurred into Cagliostro's; the legends are recorded
at one of the Arabic sub-houses of Cagliostro's mystical order.

Cagliostro, Mistress Janice, and the wandering jew discuss historical
events - what happened, what didn't happen, what they were involved
in. Natasha breaks things up after a bit; they've found Erica and are
ready to retransport over.

Gil, Calla, Absalom, and

Janice is not familiar with the county of Cagliostro; it was
sufficiently low profile that it didn't show up on maps or travel
guides. Cagliostro tells Janice about the county as transport happens.

Transport happens - we almost get somewhere - Benedict leaps or is
thrown off the transport, disappears, and then this arrives where it's
going.  Benedict is holding Erica up by her throat as he is slowly
mutating. Benedict is up to his 

Cagliostro tries to drip DMSO + muscle relaxant on Benedict - it drips
on both of them, to no effect.  Benedict's contingent begins to flank.

Benedict's face is melting off - the lens reveals that something is
jumping on his mystic inertia. Cagliostro tries to brace Benedict's
mystic intertia/sense of self.  This stops his face from sloughing
quite so quickly.

Benedict's lipless mouth says 'Ware' and Johann, Cyndia, Calla, Gil,
and Absalom charge in. They are fighting to disable, not to kill. The
vampire takes two steps to the side and is no longer obvious.  The
bedouin sighs, draws his scimitar, and heads in. 

Natasha has gathered a variety of scones - from an undisclosed
location - and more scones are appearing on her dress, which she is
holding out to hold them.  She turns to the skatepunk - then turns to
Alhaserus.  They 

Throwing the scones solidify the marshy ground.  The scones aren't
magical so much as they're so dry that they act as a super sponge.

Janus is slowly pulling himself up the edge of the glass.
"Must... help... family..."  Cagliostro moves the lid, but does not
otherwise help.

There is a concentration of magic - the unconscious Amaranth revives.
"No high-handed, sword-wielding bitch is going to to take away what I
worked so fard on".  The magic no longer flows 

Cagliostro asks for power, and Amaranth offers all he wants.  He grabs
a huge chunk, and creates a new guard.  Amaranth borrows the new guard
and instructs him on where to hold him.

Amaranth reverses the tap, and starts feeding Cagliostro all the power
he wants.  (Various magic detectors on Cagliostro's person quietly
explode.) Cagliostro finds Benedict's mystic inertia much easier to
stabilize, and starts dumping mystic inertia into people.

Janus makes it partially out - Cagliostro drops his old eyes, starts
working on new ones.  Janus starts looking for his eyes, and
Cagliostro tries to explain why he doesn't need them. Janus says he
doesn't need eyes, but wants his lungs fixed - Cagliostro explains
that's what the water was doing.

Janus asks how they're doing - the group has grapped Erica, and it's
not clear how Janus would try to fit in.

The grappling group has dragged Erica completely onto ground that has
been dried out by the scones. Gil takes a break every so often to go
stomp on a tentacle. Natasha has a drink that should never be drunk.
Cagliostro conjures sharks to distract whatever those tentacles are,
since the area is -very- marshy.

Eventually, Erica goes limp and unconscious.  Lots of "What now?" from
the younger generation; Benedict is of the opinion that we won. (Not
very creative.)

A tentacled beast attacks, and Johann takes Janus's blade and dives in
after it. A donkey arrives, and charges into the battle.

Amaranth absorbs a nasty magical attack, and opines that the magic is
sufficiently evil to be unredeemable.  A lump of something shoots out
and eats the orb of nasty magic.

Benedict has taken a sit down; Cagliostro can tell he doesn't seem to
be getting any better or worse.  Caglistro inquires about Erica; the
presence says she's fine to revive, so Cagliostro adds her to the list
of what he's doing.

Cagliostro can tell the donkey is more mysticially inert than anything
else - even Benedict.  The group (minus Johann and the donkey, who are
walking back) take the piece of ground to Castle Cobalt.

People plan a victory feast, after a shower and maybe a nap.  Natasha
suggests the Dworkins to keep an eye on Erica for her reviving.
Caglistro deconjures the sedative cocktail and endorphins.  Erica
recovers, and is filled in on what she missed. Cagliostro makes a
point to mention that he had heard that Aurelia is missing.
