Cagliostro ponders the Gil problem - she's almost certainly
compromised, but Cagliostro doesn't consider her a major risk at the
moment (or the only point of compromise) and doesn't want to take the
risk of her getting stabbed.

Cagliostro shuts down the seven improved generators on his end of
connection.

Cagliostro gets a mental contact from Natasha, Caelin's fiancee, who
is interested in traveling to where a member of her house - a 'Zorro'
- is. He says that she can go to that location by contacting Cyndia or
Janus.  She checks, and reports that she cannot get there from here.
Cagliostro warns the crowd and pulls her (and Random) through.

Cagliostro gives Natasha a very brief rundown on the target location
(omitting the nature of what happens to powers there) and the armies,
and Natasha elects to join Carolan's force.  He lets her know that
they'll have to wait for him to contact her, she is unsatisfied,
Cagliostro realized that they can contact al-Nasir.

Natasha uses the Trump to contact al-Nasir, makes a sign to indicate
that the connection is being tapped, and she and Random vanish.

Rainbow looks at Cagliostro and says, "That rat bastard."  <pause> "I
believe Snarsht is in place."

Time passes.  The King looks unfocused.  Cagliostro belives he's in
mental contact, because he's not apparently observing the crowd.
After a while, the King says (in a different voice) "I need troops for
a strike force, quickly!" 

Cagliostro talks to Rainbow, who is not bothered since the King can
shapeshift.  Cagliostro asks him to talk to the King, so Rainbow
petitions as the humble servant of his great and powerful majesty -
and the King says "Bring me someone important, so that I can get an
army."  Rainbow kills the King, and reports back to Cagliostro.
Cagliostro lets Princess Chandra (who is off in the corner) know about
her political crisis.

Cagliostro points out that the place is most likely compromised, and
Rainbow concurs, and suggests "Run".  Cagliostro tries to open a gate
waaaay that way, but hasn't been there before.  He thinks about
opening up a whole series of one-shadow gates when Princess Chandra
asks what he's doing and then tweaks his gate (and magic) so he's
gating to somewhere he's never been.  The crowd evacuates, and Rainbow
throws the King's body through a different gate he creates before
stepping through.

The group is now in what seems to be a set of interconnected fleshy
pink balloons. Eww.

Carolan contacts Cagliostro, indicating eavesdropping and that a
battle is happening.  Cagliostro asks him to call back in a minute.
Alice contacts Cagliostro mentally - apparently the Spiral is acting
up, even through the net.  She has tried to contact people (Caelin,
his apprentice, Natasha) and failed. She has also tried to contact the
net's designers (the Dworkins and Suhuy) and failed.  She says that
whatever the Spiral is doing is heading towards Cagliostro, for <blank
period of time> value of toward.

Cagliostro passes this along, and at some point early in the
conversation a stranger appears and says "Summoned, I obey".  Princess
Chandra asks Cagliostro to start over, and introduces him to the
Realms Mage Ferethyn.  Cagliostro bows and does so.

Almost all the people have passed through - Cagliostro has also passed
a lot of Ifrit through.  Princess Chandra stays through.  Carolan
reports that the other side is starting to get crowded, and that no
more troops are required.  Cagliostro consults with Princess Chandra -
he's not going through, his daughter and Gil aren't going through, so
he stays on the other side with the generator.

Time passes.  Cagliostro feels a sensation of being hunted, as if
Kintani is looking for him.  He tells Princess Chandra, who is
skeptical and then surprised when she says that some -thing-, not some
-one-, is looking for him.  She suggests keeping a safe distance from
his daughter, just in case.

Cagliostro steps off and creates a one-shot water cannon of
black-council-blow-up.  A galleon materializes from no direction
Cagliostro's mind wants to comprehend, aiming directly at Gil's head.
Mistress Janice wards, Cagliostro turns on the Ifrit generators and
wraps the boat in a net.  The boat shrugs off the net as Princess
Chandra boards it.  Gil plaintively asks Mistress Janice to describe
the boat, but she's too busy.

Cagliostro does, Gil recognizes the boat (named Dalkontyr, written
across its prow) and curses.  She says she doesn't know anyone with
access codes that is still alive - the people that she knew were
Clarissa, Gwen, and Mikail.

Cagliostro conjures grappling hooks and lines for the Ifrit.
