

7/29/2004 ----------------

Dworkin, Hamster Dworkin, Mistress Janice and the Spiral-initiated
Cobalteans are in the Spiral room. Also their somewhat transparent
colleague, Gentleman Suhuy. (Who has a definitely ectoplasmic
sidekick.)

Giving Cagliostro a guided primer on the Spiral - lifted the net,
ready to drop it if necessary.  Answering any question, assuming the
Cagliostro will walk it.  Variations in power levels, etc.  Cagliostro
is skeptical, his daughter even more so - but about whether Cagliostro
-can- walk it, not should.

The Cobalteans didn't build it - has been here as long as memory.
Perhaps Aurelia built it?  (No one has seen her since they evacuated
Cobalt.)  Still beyond capacity to measure, but not as bad as trying
to measure Caelin.  (Explode slower! - but it could be a Caelin
feedback effect.)

Can't tap it until you've walked it, but once you've walked it you can
tap it from almost anywhere. Explain power sources - all things
generate some power.  Some things generate magical power. The Spiral
generates magical power; it must get it from somewhere (occassionally
it gets broken) but people who have walked the Spiral can get power
from it.  (They tell Cagliostro that if he walked the Spiral, he could
put enough power into his monitors to protect them.) Cobaltean
illustrates a slow-motion connection, drain during creation, creating
a monitor off the same specs - slightly different, though.  But it
measures the scale of the Spiral.

Discusses drawing power - blind leading the blind, because they always
know it - but Mistress Janice is able to explain it (helpfully).
Translation spell cast by Ilk is imperfect; idiom is not coming
across. (Clued when he could understand demons talking to each other.)

Younger person - Spiral is semi-sentient, helps its friends.

Older people - skeptical of animism, walk the spiral before a major
working, proximity and animism. After a circular discussion,
Cagliostro realizes they have no clue why non-initiates can't tap it.

They had cured the spiral of the current connection, but the
individual could re-establish that connection. Human guards get
distracted, so watching the spiral all the time, the net is safer.
Can't put a filter on the connection to the Spiral - because they
can't control the power source. Can tap it when the net is down, but
couldn't walk it when the net is down.  (Theory from the young guy -
the Spiral thinks that the net is an example of overly soliticious
care.)

Sometimes the spiral goes down, sometimes it comes back up.  Nobody
knows why.

(Cagliostro is quietly horrified at how little they understand this
particular major power source.)

Cagliostro declines to walk the Spiral, to the surprise of the
Cobalteans (and the disappointment of his daughter).  Chats with the
spiral animist - heads up, gets a report from Caelin "Weird rebels
exist in hills. Beware of them; well armed.  PS - when you finish
whatever with the Spiral, if you can inform Caelin back at his House
so he can begin his projects."

Amberites are no longer around - going into the Fractal Realms to
explore and familiarize themselves. 

Absalom returns - looking almost smug, but not quite.  Bows to the
senior most member of the group (workmanlike, not good.) "We have
found Erica." 

(Mistress Janice gets in a good dig at Cagliostro - "See, they put
effort searching for their missing relatives.)

Erica is holed up in a castle - beseiged by Amberites.  Absalom, as
junior, was sent back.  Everyone except the Dworkins, Suhuy, and his
sidekick leave to go help.  (Or at least watch 'blessed Benedict' in
action.)

Absalom expresses confusion about Caelin's note and the existence and
rebels.
---------------------

Signs of a battle before entering the Fractal Realms - static river of
small, round, marblish things.  "A great evil visited upon us."

Asked to take a look at them - their powers are not helping
them. "Don't touch them - they're contagious."

Not magical at all - but the lens is showing too many individual
things in the space.   (Looking through a keyhole and, instead 
of seeing a room, seeing the entire history of the universe.)
The Cobalteans don't seem to notice anything unusual (or anything
at all?) through the lens.

Suddenly under attack - arrows, crossbows from nowhere.

Knock out one group, arrows coming from a different group.  Cagliostro
conjures a ninja to capture one of the leaders.  One cobaltean
shooting back, pretty decently skilled - but very fast.

Absalom goes up, throws a kid back - Cagliostro conjures a guard to
catch him, but the kid is caught before the guard is finished.  Kid is
16 years old - sure that his life goal is to kill anyone who comes
near the marbles.  (His entire family was eaten by same.)  Leave a
note commending them on their industry, head up.

Ninja returns with officer - same motivations, more knowledge.  Move
note to him, continue on.  Agreed that these are less of a problem
than the marbles, and hence definitely less than Erica.

-----

Head up over the hill into the fractal realms  (Mandlebrot set)
Different pocket worlds off a main branch - smaller worlds off of them, etc.

Absalom seems somewhat unsure of which way he's going, makes a misstep once.

No visible population, only animal is cattle

Absalom gets frustrated and announces he can't find it. Cobalteans
doing a warmer/colder thing.  Absalom can navigate, but doesn't seem
to grasp the underlying concept. Cagliostro and his daughter are
getting to the same place in different ways (different order).
Mistress Janice tries something, that works.

Absalom describes the location - Janice says "That's easy!" and goes
off at a 45 degree angle.  It's not clear to Cagliostro how they're
_moving_ from one place to another.  They bring people toward Erica.
