(Notes from the wandering through Chaos: duelling candy canes are a
bit much for Malcolm, and he has displayed a tendency to poke at
things himself as if he's invulnerable. He required gentle extrication
from an argument with a native once - they were arguing over
precedence, Cagliostro introduced himself and politely ignored a probe
of his defenses.)

In the castle, Cagliostro's and Malcolm's crew are there (with the
exception of Gil, who stayed on the ship). At a point afterward, the
amount of energy being leaked into the area dramatically increases, so
Cagliostro believes that Caelin is around somewhere.

Caglistro speculates that they are in a defensible hidey-hole, and
wonders if there's a key spot in the room by which he can insert his
own ward into the area. He examines the room - the seven most
defensible positions are occupied by furniture.  

The lens indicates that it's more than just furniture, but it's hard
to pin down what - there are active processes going on in the future.
Cagliostro writes them off as Golems.

The eight spot is open, and Cagliostro notes that the sound is a bit
better tuned than he would expect.  Minute turns of his head focus his
hearing on different groups of conversations.

Cagliostro decides to mingle. At some point, Cagliostro realizes that
the timeflow in the room is not even across the room.  The greatest
ratio - from the defensible points to the entrance point - is 11:7 (11
seconds pass in one while 7 pass in another).

Simon begins to get more and more agitated, and less willing to let
the locals search for River.  Cagliostro promises to bring up his
request to the locals at the earliest opportunity.  A man with a cane
enters the room and hobbles into the 

A vaguely humanoid individual is being brought in on a stretcher.
There is a lot of sharp weapon trauma up the left side.  There's a
fairly large open entrance wound, just a pinprick on the back.  A disc
is scraped, but not broken.  The wound seems clean.

The individual is mostly bilaterally symmetrical, including two hearts
and two circulatory systems (which overlap at the capillary level, and
cover the same material, but don't interact).  Highly muscular,
extended two fingers (like a sloth).  Digestive tract and nerve
systems are singular, and secondary digestive (filtering) organs seem
to be havign some problems.

For a doctor, Simon is surprisingly adept.  Simon wants more blood in
order to flush out the system for any lurking bacteria; the locals are
confused by the concept of blood transfusions to flush things out.
Cagliostro chats briefly with Simon, then with Kaylee about
synthesizing the creatures blood.

After half an hour, Kaylee has not returned - or even reached the ship
(Cagliostro knows this because he's still in mental contact with Gil).
Cagliostro asks the cane gentleman to check, and he steps out of the
room to check 

About five minutes later, Darkstar walks back through the front door
carrying Kaylee (who is obviously not conscious).  Darkstar lays
Kaylee on the table (closer to the doctor than the original
patient). Colin says he found her unconscious.

Cagliostro checks Kaylee, and finds a wormlike parasite wrapped around
her heart. It entered at the base of her back, and there was a rip in
her dress that is just starting to bleed.  The parasite's biology is
fairly straightforward, and it has a number of feeders on
it. Cagliostro figures out a way to knock it unconscious; it thrashes,
Kaylee thrashes, and it shuts down. Cagliostro conjures a string and
pulls the relaxed creature out.

After thirty minutes of hard concentration later, Cagliostro has
finished deconjuring the last parasite bit, wrapped around Kaylee's
spinal column.

Kintani arrives.  Cagliostro conjures a picture of Malcolm, and asks
for help.  Kintani swallows Cagliostro, and they fly off. There is a
subvocalization "I'm landing you in front of Marial" - when dropped
off, Cagliostro bows as supplicant.  He starts to let her know what
happened, they step into the guild, and she startles at the injured
person on the table - he's a poison factory, not a person. While
breathing, it was presumably taking in good air and replacing it with
bad air.

Cagliostro checks his own system - his metabolic processes are
gradually slowing.  He can't find an agent - when he describes the
process to Marial, she says it sounds like a slow system
shutdown. Cagliostro continues to look for the agent or counteragent,
while creating air to flush the old air out of the fortress.

Cemen doesn't seem to be affected, Colin doesn't seem to be affected,
and the Ifrit does not seem to be affected.  Mistress Janice is not
affected, Roland is not affected.  The mice and the bats are
affected. There don't seem to be end-state differences between the
mice/bats and the Ifrit, but there were creation style differences.
Kintani is sufficiently different enough that Cagliostro has to take a
new baseline.

Marial's apprentice arrives, late.  She is introduces and leaves with
Kintanti.

Cagliostro continues to work on the toxin, and one of the
sword-sisters collapses.  The mice and bats are lethargic.  Cagliostro
tries to conjure adrenaline, and it speeds the mouse up but doesn't
affect the underlying issue.  Cagliostro excuses himself to another
room, and asks Colin to bring in Norton because this problem is in
excess of his capabilities.

Jean passes along a message from Kintani to send out someone that
Malcolm trusts to get eaten by a dragon and help rescue Malcolm -
Cagliostro briefs Zoe and sends her out, where she calls out "Eat me!"
and gets swallowed.

Malcolm returns, borne by saucers, and Norton asks to start over.
There is discussion of souls and essences and what makes Malcolm
Malcolm, and the bodiless voice vouches for Norton. Norton sucker
punches a tree, and forms it into a new Malcolm.  Soon there are two
Malcolms - and one needs to die.  Cagliostro calls out Jayne, who is
confused when his gun fails to be effective, even when presented with
a boarspear.

Kintani asks for the bad Malcolm to be moved away, and after Norton
does so breathes dragonfire on bad Malcolm.  Not even ash is left.
Malcolm awakes, and wants to make a point to the man with the cane.
Marial's apprentice produces his head, and Malcolm is disappointed.
Zoe is happy, Jayne is sorry he missed it.

Back inside, there is no sign of Caelin although the leakage is
around. Colin acts as a censor for Kintani catching up - Kintani has
been with Max, and lost his handprints, and replaced his bad dragon
bits with some kind of plant. Cagliostro lets Kintani know what he's
been up to since the last time he saw him, which mostly involved Hell
and universe-hopping.
