To: dkap <dkap@vax.ftp.com>
From: Derek Smith <Derek_Smith.LOTUS@crd.lotus.com>
Date: 20 Apr 95 14:21:35 EDT
Subject: Amber: Final disposition of Alistair

Alistair, son of Bleys

PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS
 
HEIGHT:  6'2"
WEIGHT:  225#
BUILD:   Athletic
HAIR:    Blonde (I am taking it that his mother was blonde and
                 that Alistair gets this trait from her)
EYES:    Green
 
CLOTHING COLORS/STYLE:
Green and Yellow predominate.
 
PERSONAL SYMBOL:
Sunburst (Yellow) with Unicorn in Silhouette (appearing Black), on
a Green field.  Unicorn rearing, facing to the right.
 
ATTRIBUTES:
Psyche:     25 points, rank 3 1/2
Strength:    0 points, Amber rank
Endurance:   0 points, Amber rank
Warfare:    42 points, rank 1 1/2
                                                                                
POWERS:
Pattern     50 points (once brought back to walk it), Basic
Sorcery     15 points
 
ARTIFACTS & CREATURES:
Signet Ring  2 points, allows racking Named & Numbered Spells
                      (I am taking it that this was a gift, and I
                       can neither alter it nor improve it until
                       I gain the power of Conjuration.  This
                       because the "rules" state that both Sorcery
                       and Conjuration are required for such an
                       artifact)
 
STUFF:
Good Stuff   2 points
 
SUBTOTAL:  136 points
Diary      -10 points
GM Adj.     -6 points (GM Adjustment due to parentage)
 
TOTAL:     120 points (Equals initial GM point allotment)
 
NOTES & OTHER INFORMATION:
 
Alistair is the (bastard) son of Bleys of Amber and Rezelda a Trundy
of Tarmac.
 
(Assuming Rezelda was Blonde, and that Alistair inherited Blonde
hair from her.)
                                                                                
 
Alistair was the one that Bleys trumped to after the Kolvir incident.
 
(Query:  How?  It didn't appear that Bleys had any trumps of his own,
 and Corwin's standard deck wouldn't have contained a Trump of
 Alistair.)
 
 
Alistair is about 210 years old Amber time, and about 525 (2.5 to 1
Personal to Amber time ratio in Tarmac) personally.
 
Fiona is/was his pattern tutor.
 
(Fiona is satisfied, barely, with his Psyche development.  Though they
get along, she thinks that Alistair is a bit lazy when it comes to
development of his Psyche, and the "arts" driven by it.  She also
fervently wishes he would get out and exercise more, and hard.  Amber
Endurance is all very well, against mundanes, but against a serious
opponent...  Bleys agrees on the Endurance score, but is fairly
pleased with Alistair's Strategy, Tactics, and Skill at Arms.)
 
 
During the Confrontation at Chaos, Alistair was acknowleged by Bleys, and was
leading his troops during the conflict.
 
He spent most of his childhood in Tarmac, A very militaristic shadow where
Bleys is the Commander in Chief over both empires (the Trundy and the Moix) who
are consistantly at war with each other.  When Alistair was old enough, (200
personal time) Bleys retired from CiC in his favor on the Trundy side, (of
course continuing on the Moix side) to give Alistair his final polish as a
military leader.
 
(Tarmac is an enigma.  Damper technology can prevent the chemical
reactions that cause chemical firearms to work.  They can also prevent
the detonation of nuclear weapons.  But they present an interesting
conundrum.  They are unselective, area defenses.  The trick is to
tune them to *only* affect the desired reaction.  Dampers *could*
be tuned to stop the chemical reactions that support human life.  Then
they could be used as the equivalent of a Neutron Bomb.  Also, they
cannot stop *electricity*, because they must themselves run on
electricity.  Technology is rapidly approaching the level where MLA
(Magnetic Linear Accelerator) weapons will be developed.  Dampers will
not be able to stop them.  Gauss rifles as sidearms and Mass Drivers
as Artillery/AntiArmor/AntiAircraft weapons will appear, throwing the
Shadow into, pardon the expression, chaos.  Also, shortly on their
heels, laser weapons will begin to appear.  Those that rely on CLCs
(Chemical Laser Cartridges) will be dampable, but DEI (Direct
Electrical Input) Lasers will not.  This is beginning to worry
Alistair, and he means to take it up with Bleys ASAP.  Also, to appear
in his "Trundy" form, that of General Count Dax Krieger, and to
distinguish that form from that of Alistair, known to both sides, I
assume he employs a disguise spell.)
 
(Here I'm assuming that the Trundy, to use Earth analogy, are more
German-like and that the Moix are more French-like.)
 
A Note: Natives of Tarmac live about 100 years total.  One of the reasons that
Bleys could gain control...

(Emphasis on *One of*)
 
 
He wasn't directly involved in the Redhead Conspiracy, mostly because Bleys
didn't trust Brand.
 
(And, Alistair didn't *like* Brand.  Also, Alistair is not suited to
conspiracies.  Managing the fiction of the Trundy vs. Moix conflict
is about as complex as he has the stomach for.  Fiona probably would
have urged Bleys to keep Alistair out of it on that basis as well.)
 
(I haven't given much thought to personalized spells yet, but two that
I want to work on are of the type that would give one an advantage in
melee.  The first locks the target's arm joints, the second causes
throat constriction, obstructing breathing.  Varying levels of effect
based upon Psyche, of course.  Being a good doobie (and not wanting
to piss off Aunt Fiona), Alistair goes out of his way to keep a goodly
number of spells racked whenever possible.)
 
(Finally, given that Alistair is about 525 years old, subjective, and
grew up in a Shadow designed, it seems, to expose him to a great deal
of variety, I envision him as someone with a wide range of "mundane"
skills.)

