From: Troy Fryatt <throop@ix.netcom.com>
To: "'David Kapawitz'" <dkap@haven.org>
Subject: Amber
Date: Sun, 26 May 1996 23:42:36 -0400
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset"us-ascii"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
 
As promiced here is what I have so far.  Please thank Sherri for the use 
of her book again.  It has been very enlightening.  First, a few 
questions:
 
(1) I think that I already asked this but for the stats there are those 
listed at 1ath which is a result of rank 1 buying their stats up.  Does 
that mean that I could, for example, spend 25 points on Strength and get 
a 1a.5?
 
(2) There is no section per say for disadvantages.  While I am taking 
them regardless do I get any points back for my shape shift affliction 
or for claustophopia?
 
(3) For artifacts, specifically the power alternate shape, to the other 
qualities and powers of the artifact count for both shapes?  If so, is 
there any discount if a power or quality is only applicable while in one 
specific shape?
 
(4) Lastly, I wanted to give my artifact Psychic Neutral with the 
modifier bestow on owner.  The item itself does not actualy have 
sentience.  The effect that I am looking for is that at a glance or 
cursory inspection I will not seem any different than a shadow creature. 
 Of course, a careful examination by one with anything other than human 
Psyche would reveal me to be an Amberite with the Pattern Imprint but 
that fact would normally be screened.  Can I do this or is there another 
way that I should be producing this effect?
 
 
That's about it for questions.  Here is a little something that I have 
to introduce my character.  Let me know what you think.
 
                                                ---> Troy
3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=
3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D=3D
 
        Not everyone feared the reality storms that so recently swept across 
the shadowlands.  To some, it brought salvation from an otherwise 
eternal prison.  I'm sure that I was probably the only one but hey, 
there are infinite shadows after all.  I'm sure someone else was in a 
similar predicament.  I pity them.
 
        After the storms passing I found myself trapped in a bubble of ash.  
The sea around me was that of rose oil.  Is was a parody of a womb and 
the irony was not lost on me.  I clawed through the membrane of ash and 
my skin wailed in agony at the touch of the fine oil - not because it 
was it was harmful to the touch but because it was the only thing it had 
touched during that eternal void of time.  The cold night air shocked me 
back to life like the doctors strike.  An excellent analogy for the man 
to emerge had never existed before then.  On that night I, Aramek, was 
born.  My first word was immediate but it was not one of love or 
innocence.  It was a word of the vilest hate and loathing such that only 
an immortal can truly understand.  That word was a name.  The name was 
Brand.
 
        It's hard to keep the details straight.  It's been so long.  The 
fantasies and dreams have been tangled with the facts and the plotting 
over the timeless years.  I do know there was a boy who was not like 
those around him.  He never knew his real parents but when Brand came to 
him he became that Father.  It was Brand who taught the boy about their 
ways and the powers of the pattern.  Helped to open the boy's mind to 
worlds he had never conceived of.  But, when the boy's talents started 
to surpass that of his master, Brand became jealous and vengeful.  It 
was then that the boy learned about Brand's treachery and was condemned 
to hell.

[Perhaps it was one simple accident, not the level of powers, for Brand far
surpassed many of his own generation ...]
 
        The boy tried to get out.  He didn't just accept his fate passively.
He tried to master the only resource he had left, his own body.  Though =
he had only the most rudimentary of teachings on shape shifting he spent 
decades trying to master the art by himself.  But he was weak from his 
imprisonment and his conditions were not exactly ideal.  He lost 
control.  To some extent, of his mind as well as his body.  After then, 
every morning the boy woke his body was a different one.  He awaited the 
primal chaos cancer to take him away from his fate but for whatever 
reason it did not.  He just kept changing into different forms without 
control.  Sometimes a man sometimes a woman.  Sometimes old and 
sometimes young.  He never knew.  After a while it didn't matter either. 
 The boy he was ceased to exist and he got to become someone new every 
day.  He would dream all day about who that person was and what they 
were like.  At least, that is the way I usually remember the boy's story 
being but I've lead so many lives since then it's hard to keep them all 
straight in my head.

[It isn't every day, it isn't a predictable time length either.  Sometimes a
form might last for days, or sometimes mere minutes.  It was also impressed
on you from the outside, something that you had never been taught, and it
was layed on you as you were forced into the sphere, mostly to make your
form fit the confinement.  Since the confinement didn't exist anymore, it
seems to have gotten out of control. (It also lets me, as the game-master
understand the mechanics of it.)]

        Like any newborn, I was weak and vulnerable.  I do not know how long I 
wandered but by comparison it was mere minutes.  I was searching for 
safety, for a home.  What I found was Lirus.  Lirus was, and still is, 
that home were I have since recovered my wits from the ordeal.    The 
world is a very Gothic one, perpetually shrouded in fog.  The dark, 
twisty alleys and the thriving slums that one finds in an early 
industrial world, that is to say one in the steam age, creates a 
nightmarish atmosphere where all sorts of demons can lurk.  These demons 
are mainly of the personal variety or simply wretched souls but 
sometimes even the real ones come out to feed as the world is also 
touched with magic, though even less than it is with technology.  All 
and all Lirus is a gloomy place whose denizens are bereft of joy.  I 
love it.
 
        It wasn't long after I took residence there that they all knew my
name. 
 At first they thought me a demon for I near obliterated several cites 
with the pent up wrath I had collected.  It was glorious.  No one was 
safe.  I was good at it too.  I could bring agony that would cause the 
soul to shriek, not just the body.  Men, women, children, elderly, not 
even the pets were safe.  After I got past the worst of the rage and 
gore, however, I fell into the role that I have there now.  They think 
of me as a God, or at least as close as they ever want to come to 
meeting one.  As I had been quite comfortable on the streets I almost 
always adopted personas of beggars, derelicts, or the poverty stricken 
worker.  I've come to be accustomed to the solitude.  Some citizens 
imagine me a God of the downtrodden, others say a divine vigilante, 
still other say a God of Darkness.  The only things they agree on is 
that I am real and that I am fickle.  However, since there only way of 
possibly knowing me is that I am usually seedy looking, which only rules 
out 10% of the population here at best, and that I carry a crutch or 
staff, really all they can do is be paranoid and practice useless 
"lucky" habits.
 
        For example, strangers here are greatly feared and met with great 
distrust.  Yet while no one wants to deal with them, much less to give 
change or food, they are afraid to risk angering the wrong stranger.  
This causes a forced civility or a strained generosity when that ilk is 
present.  Do not be fooled, however.  It can quickly become hostile or 
even murderous if they think that it is safe or there are enough "decent 
folk" around to bolster each other's courage. When people do travel it 
is customary to wear colored ribbons on ones lapel.  The color 
represents the area that a person comes from and that their presence 
there is not meant as a threatening one.  The ribbons do little to 
soothe the populaces reactions to travelers but not wearing them can be 
suicide - once someone dares to face them, that is.  Also, speaking my 
name aloud is somewhat taboo.  It doesn't necessarily bring good or bad 
luck, supposedly, but it will bring one or the other in an extreme 
fashion.  People stay far away from those who use my name too freely 
because they know how easy it is to get caught up in the wake of my 
"luck".
 
        The most dangerous and daring thing of all to do is to try and pass 
yourself off as Aramek.  While it is done, and those who do it 
successfully find that life comes pretty easily to them, woe be to those 
I catch.  The one bit of impersonation that I do permit is the carrying 
of crutches or staves like the Crutch of the Beggar King I carry.  I'm 
not really sure where I got it.  Somewhere in my delirious wanderings, I 
suppose.  It looks like an ordinary walking stick and I find that it 
goes well with many of my personas .  When necessary, it transforms into 
a beautifully wicked bastard sword that can cleave through the engine of 
a motorized carriage with ease.  Of course, their staves/crutches are 
not magical but then usually no one lives long after seeing the 
confirmation that my crutch is real...
 
        Yes, I do love Lirus.  I've spent so much time there that I have even
got the hang of manipulating the local time frame to my desire.  Still, 
I cannot stay here for I have duties to attend to.  Brand.  I must find 
him and make him pay for all that he has done.  He shall suffer like 
none have suffered before, including myself.  First, however, I need to 
find out exactly who I am and just what he did.  Not because his guilt 
is in question, or because I feel he has some right to a trial.  Simply 
so that I can make his punishment all the more fitting and so that when 
I finally cast his beaten shell into The Abyss he will not have the 
satisfaction of taking his secrets or my hope of ever knowing the truth 
about the past with him.  Yes, there is much to be done and my vengeance 
demands that I take action.  Still, one thing that I have learned from 
that eternity I spent in my coffin is patience.  If need be I will play 
my games and lie in waiting for centuries until everything is perfect 
for me to strike.  Have no doubt, Brand - that time will come and then 
you will pay.  This I, Aramek, swear by the blood of my grandfather 
Oberon and with the truth of the pattern itself.  You will pay.....

***

Hmm ... the hook I was thinking of to bring you out of your comfortable
place was more along the lines of:
 
You had wandered out of Lirus, as you did occasionally, and when you
returned you found that some other terror had appeared in your absence, and
had taken your one comfort.  A large gem that, when you were in it's
presence, gave you some measure of peace for a while.  You didn't want to
use it often, for it needed time to recharge, and you didn't want to become
addicted to it, so you kept it burried in one of your most secret places.
When you had investigated the terror, it was some red-headed fanatic whos
activities stirred forth those old memories of Brand.  They insisted that
he was described somewhat differently, but you knew that your Great Enemy
was again abroad in the land, and you shouldgo forth and take your revenge.
You know he works behind the scenes, often not seen by those who serve him,
so you are seaking out any power structure with a hidden member, and
testing that hidden member to find if they are your nemesis  Of course any
who slight you, or laugh at your condition must die, but you don't want to
kill them openly, that might tip your hand.
 
Occasionally your memory is sharper than other times, and you remember to
move on, from place to place, after discovering your objective is not the
one you hate, but sometimes you just remain behind to extract your revenge
on those who have slighted you.
 
How's that sound?
 
Dave K>


From dkap Wed May 29 11:24:14 -0400 1996
To: nobody
In-reply-to: <01BB4B5E.54D254A0@bst-ma2-17.ix.netcom.com> (message from Troy
Fryatt on Sun, 26 May 1996 23:42:36 -0400)
Subject: Re: Amber
Return-Path: dkap@haven.org
Reply-To: dkap@haven.org
From: "A Page in the Life of ..." <dkap@haven.org>
                                                                                      
   From: Troy Fryatt <throop@ix.netcom.com>
   MIME-Version: 1.0
   Content-Type: text/plain; charset"us-ascii"
   Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
                                                                                      
   As promiced here is what I have so far.  Please thank Sherri for the use
   of her book again.  It has been very enlightening.  First, a few
   questions:
                                                                                      
   (1) I think that I already asked this but for the stats there are those
   listed at 1ath which is a result of rank 1 buying their stats up.  Does
   that mean that I could, for example, spend 25 points on Strength and get
   a 1a.5?
                                                                                      
Yes.
                                                                                      
   (2) There is no section per say for disadvantages.  While I am taking
   them regardless do I get any points back for my shape shift affliction
   or for claustophopia?
                                                                                      
Nope ... They are character traits ... on the other hand, since you don't
have control over your shape-shifting, you don't have to pay for it.
                                                                                      
   (3) For artifacts, specifically the power alternate shape, to the other
   qualities and powers of the artifact count for both shapes?  If so, is
   there any discount if a power or quality is only applicable while in one
   specific shape?
 
You specify all it's powers in it's primary shape, and then list those that
carry over to the alternate shapes.  By definition not all the powers come
over to the alternate shapes.
 
   (4) Lastly, I wanted to give my artifact Psychic Neutral with the
   modifier bestow on owner.  The item itself does not actualy have
   sentience.  The effect that I am looking for is that at a glance or
   cursory inspection I will not seem any different than a shadow creature.
    Of course, a careful examination by one with anything other than human
   Psyche would reveal me to be an Amberite with the Pattern Imprint but
   that fact would normally be screened.  Can I<lost>
   way that I should be producing this effect?
 
Psychic neutral won't hide the fact that you have pattern imprint, and most
shadows aren't psychic nutral, so that might stand out more as a beacon
than hiding your presence.  And the only people who could detect your
pattern imprint is advanced pattern and logrus initiates, and exaulted
magus people.  And they have to be looking for it.
 

