Date: Tue, 23 Jul 1996 06:48:48 -0400
From: Morgan <stormy@chess.Haven.ORG>
To: dkap@haven.org
Subject: A new character?
Cc: stormy@haven.org
 
 
        I've been thinking about it.
 
        If Mikail's not coming back (and, despite the ridiculously
high time rates he's functioning at, it doesn't seem like he's going
to be satisfied enough with his self-control to return to Shadow
within game time unless you seriously time jump at some point), I'd
like to have someone around who I can play in your game who's a full
PC, unlike Stormy (who is having fun, BTW).
                                                                                      
        I think I want to play a fairly young male, between 100 to 200
years of personal time old, by the name of Beauregard (but mostly just
called `Beau'). He's a child of one of the dead. Probably Eric or
Deirdre, as I'd prefer not to be related directly to Clarissa
again. :D
        He was hidden in a Shadow of Amber (NOT one of the other
alternates), his parent having slept with an alternately sexed version
of themself (or, if we want to get truly strange, one who just had
enough shapeshifting to switch-hit for long enough -- less of a
problem in Deirdre's case than in Eric's in this variation), who can
claims the child as their own.
        Beau knows (Bo knows...) his Amber parent, who was in touch
periodically but not much. He knows of the Pattern, and knows they
planned on having him walk it soon, but they haven't been in touch,
and never entrusted him with their own Trump, as the locals would be
able to detect it.
        This alternate Amber is pretty damned strong compared to most
Shadows of the Realm, and would be rated at least as a 4 pt. Primal.
Although it doesn't have a Pattern (or a Broken Pattern, for that
matter), the family does have access to the equivalent powers listed
for Conjuration under Shadow Travel (although they tend not to go too
far, playing mostly in the locales representing the local equivalents
of the Golden Circle) and Shadow Manipulation, both of which Beau has
mastered (they are taught as a power-skill, much as Sorcery is, though
it isn't Sorcery). Beau will probably buy the Shadow, controlling it
through the simple expedient of being the only Real person to have
ever attuned the local equivalent of the Jewel of Judgment, the Gem of
Fate.
        These Shadow-folk aren't as long-lived as their counterparts,
but are living in one of those concentrated slow-time Shadows. As a
result, his skills are comparable to a true Amberite's, despite his
relative youth. The family has doted on him, for the most part, and he
has been trained by their best -- Fiona and the other redheads in
Sorcery and mental powers, Benedict and Julian in land warfare, Caine
and Gerard in sea combat, Gerard in wrestling, Julian in the creation
of exotic items and critters, Oberon and Fiona in politics, that sort
of thing. He's had a very well-rounded education, no part of which has
been neglected.
        He's made, in the same fashion as Shadow Julian made Shadow
Morgenstern, a mount for himself. However, he wanted one more
functional than impressive, so he built in another direction. Zephyr
is basically a living wind that can carry him. It is unsubstantial
except when it wants to support something, and carries him quite
quickly around, shielding him with a portion of itself when it goes
faster than Beau can breath. It can fly, and acts the part of an
unseen servant when not being ridden, ferrying messages around and
doing small jobs (Zephyr loves to dust, for example). It is a sort of
cross between an air elemental and an invisible demon.
        He's also been trusted by the local ruler (originally Oberon,
possibly someone else now, possibly not) with some clout and
responsibility, though rather than the semi-permanent positions
enjoyed by those such as Julian, Caine, Gerard, and Benedict, he has
more been an ambassadorial agent and high-level negotiator, sent into
trouble spots to solve them rather than being assigned to any one
place for long.
        If you want to give me points, conversion factors (the
discounts that would apply) for stats and powers, and let me loose,
I'll build it. I'd also be willing to have you design the sheet. I'd
know a few things (like having Sorcery, Conjuration, and the personal
Shadow), but the rest (like stat ranks relative to the other players
and NPCs) would be a new discovery.
        In terms of getting Beau involved... He's gotten somewhat
anxious about the longer and longer silence from his other parent. He
is taking the time he has free (i.e. when not training or working for
Shadow Amber) and wandering farther and farther afield of his home,
looking for what should be his other home. Unfortunately, all he
really knows of Amber is the existence of its Pattern and his parent,
and that it's likely to have some folk that resemble those he
knows. As a result, he's been wandering away from Shadow Amber looking
for something he can't visualize, and has never gotten close. However,
those who travel through Shadow might run across him.
 
 
                        Lemme know whatcha think,
                                - Stormy
 

Date: Wed, 24 Jul 1996 20:30:59 -0400
To: dkap@Haven.ORG
CC: stormy@Haven.ORG
In-reply-to: <199607231048.GAA02399@chess.Haven.ORG> (message from Morgan on
Tue, 23
Jul 1996 06:48:48 -0400)
Subject: Beau, take two...
Reply-To: Stormy@Haven.ORG
From: "Morgan at Deus Ex Machina, Ltd." <Stormy@Haven.ORG>
 
 
Name: Beauregard "Beau"                 Age: 250
Child of Benedict and Beryl, one of Benedict's powerful Shadows.
 
        Beau does not know his Amber parent as other than a name, though
his mother has told him that his father comes from a very similar though
even more powerful place. Dying of (age? wounds? She had been dying for as
long as anyone could remember...), she has asked him to locate his father,
that she may see him one last time.
        This alternate Amber is pretty damned strong compared to most
Shadows of the Realm, and would be rated at least as a 4 pt. Primal.
Although it doesn't have a Pattern (or a Broken Pattern, for that
matter), the family does have access to the equivalent powers listed
for Conjuration under Shadow Travel (although they tend not to go too
far, playing mostly in the locales representing the local equivalents
of the Golden Circle) and Shadow Manipulation, both of which Beau has
mastered (they are taught as a power-skill, much as Sorcery is, though
it isn't Sorcery). Beau has bought the Shadow through the simple expedient
of being the one who was attuning the local equivalent of the Jewel of
Judgment, the Gem of Fate, when the Reality Storm swept over the place. He
rewrote it from scratch, recreating it (as far as _he_ can tell) exactly as
it was.
        Down in the mountain's depths is the Spiral, an ancient,
anti-entropically powered magical working place. It is walked from the
center outward and it reads those who walk it so as to establish conditions
for whatever work is to be performed at the Doors of Manifestation
(counterparts to the Veils). At the end of the walk, one steps inside or
outside the Spiral, again depending on the work being done, and the Spiral
seals itself into the Circled Spiral.
        It protects itself through a great degree of control over its
locale. Most often, it will recognize those who come to use it unlawfully
(including most anyone outside the family, and some in it), and simply
shunt them to an illusionary reality where they will accomplish whatever it
was they wanted to do and depart believing they have succeeded. It's quite
good at fooling people this way. Other defenses, however, run the gamut of
what magic can provide, though it usually resorts to teleporting offenders
away, or beating them senseless with stone elementals that rise up from the
floor of the chamber itself.
        The folk of this Amber aren't as long-lived as their counterparts,
but are living in one of those magic-dense, concentrated slow-time Shadows,
with a time rate of 1:40, Shadow to Real time. As a result, Beau's skills
are comparable to a true Amberite's, despite his relative youth. The family
has doted on him, for the most part, and he has been trained by their best
-- Fiona and the other redheads in Sorcery and mental powers, Benedict and
Julian in land warfare, Caine and Gerard in sea combat, Gerard in
wrestling, Julian in the creation of exotic items and critters, Oberon and
Fiona in politics, that sort of thing. He's had a very well-rounded
education, no part of which has been neglected.
        He's made, in the same fashion as Shadow Julian made Shadow
Morgenstern, a mount for himself. However, he wanted one more
functional than impressive, so he built in another direction. Zephyr
is basically a living wind that can carry him. It is unsubstantial
except when it wants to support something, and carries him quite
quickly around, shielding him with a portion of itself when it goes
faster than Beau can breath. It can fly, and acts the part of an
unseen servant when not being ridden, ferrying messages around and
doing small jobs (Zephyr loves to dust, for example). It is a cross between
an air elemental and an invisible demon.
        He's also been trusted by the local ruler (originally Oberon,
possibly someone else now, possibly not) with some clout and
responsibility, though rather than the semi-permanent positions
enjoyed by those such as Julian, Caine, Gerard, and Benedict, he has
more been an ambassadorial agent and high-level negotiator much like Eric,
sent into trouble spots to solve them rather than being assigned to any one
place for long. In light of recent events, Dworkin (with the help of
Oberon, Beryl, Fiona, and Corwin), attuned him to the Gem of Fate.
 
 
                                   - Stormy

