Parents: Corwin of Amber and (Deirdre Barimen)
 
Age: personal- 15  Amber- 3
 
Residence: Pearl
 
Hair- Black
Eyes- Green
                                                                                
Colours- Black, Green, Silver.
                                                                                
Total Points: 120 + contributions
                                                                                
Stats:       Rank:      Cost:     Discount:
                                                                                
Stregnth      4.5       9        1 for 10
Endurance     1.5       22        1 for  6
Psyche         A         0        none
Warfare       1         36        1 for  6
                                                                                
                                                                                
Powers:
                                                                                
(Amber's Pattern                        40pts)
(Corwin's Pattern                       30pts)
(Family Friend                           2pts)
                                                                                
College Fund for Pattern                34pts
                                                                                
GS                                       1pt

 
1/2 Darhyse's cost                      14pts
 
Toys:
        Darhyse
Main Form:
        Sha'um Cub (Black Fur/Silver Eyes)
Qualities:
 
Double Vitality                          2pts
Double Speed                             2pts
Amber Stamina                            2pts
Combat Reflexes                          2pts
Resistance to Firearms                   4pts
Deadly Damage                            4pts
Speak in Tongues and Voices              2pts
Extraordinary Psychic Sense              4pts
Psychic Neutral                          2pts
 
Powers:
 
Shadow Path                              2pts
Rapid Healing                            2pts
Named and Numbered Alternate Forms       2pts
Pattern Artifact                         4pts
 
Total:                                  34pts
Alternate Forms:
 
 1. Sword (silver blade, black hilt, black pattern etching on blade)
 
 2. Bodice Dagger (all silver, black pattern etching on hilt)
 
 3. Stuffed Bunny (silver-black-grey-white fur/black eyes)
  
 4. Tent (small black dome silver wire pattern inside --light fixture)
   
 5. Kinsale Cloak (black with silver trim)
   
 6. Hair Stick (black wood stick with silver trailing vine, topped
 with silver rose)
 
 7. Bracelet (full, unbroken silver cuff, unadorned) --pattern on
 inside--
    
 
 
 
People:
 
 
learned Sword from Gil
 
learned Languages from (2 whistles and a bell)
                            son (2 whistles and a chirp)
 
Alys- nursemaid/best friend
Hubert (Ferret)- her fiance
 
Hilo- furry pixie (and his Shadow People)
 
Randall- Master of the Lists
??  - Master at Arms
Benjamin- at War College
General Burkholder  - Head of the War College
 
Drill group- Silver and White
 
Christian- Alys' father
Obediah- one of the guard
 
Sha'um-
 
Darhyse- mine
Mist- one I rode and named
Triela- one my father rode and named
 
In Darwath:
 
Alwin- the King (the mad one)
Govannin- the Bishop (crazed)
Alda- the Queen
Tir- their son (Pugsley)
Rudy- Queen's companion
Janus- Cmdr of the Guard
Ingold- Mage and Guard
 
Seth
Madir
 
Amber:
 
Mikhail
Paolo
 
Malachai
Serena (and sha'um)
 
Merlin
 
Rivka
 
Benedict
 
Julian
 
 
 
Strength        11 orig 4.5     15 3.5  (6/1)
Psyche           0 orig A          A
Warfare         43 orig 1       50 1a   (6/1)
Endurance       26 orig 1.5        1.5  (6/1)
        First hunt w/daddy
        First hunt alone
        Discovery of correlations in item
        First "Family" discussion
        Second "Family" discussion (Diedre)
 
First update:
Rank 3.5 Strength 4 points (total 15)  cost 3 (6/1)
Rank 1a in Warfare 7 points (total 50) cost 6 (6/1)
good stuff                                  3
                                           --
                                           12
 
Date: Wed, 31 Jan 96 15:16:49 EST
To: dkap@haven.org
Subject: Cassandra's Quiz (part 2)
From: tia@ftp.com (Tia Kaplowitz)
Reply-To: tia@ftp.com
Sender: tia@mailserv-E.ftp.com
Sender: tia@mailserv-E.ftp.com
Repository: mailserv-E.ftp.com, [message accepted at Wed Jan 31 15:16:37 1996]
Originating-Client: Jhereg
Content-Length: 5187
 
 
 
OUT OF CHARACTER (10) Answer from the player's point of view please.  Answer
                     in full, feel free to take as many pages as you wish.
 
1. What do you like about the personality of your character?
 
She's very outspoken, not afraid to voice her opinion or to stick by
it.  She is secure about her place in the universe and comes across
as confident.  She is actually quite mature, and despite her youth
quite capable of any task assigned her.  She has a lot of will and a
determination to win the approval and respect of her peers and
elders.
 
 
2. What do you dislike about his or her personality?
 
Cassandra is very headstrong and very impulsive.  She often does
things without first thinking them through, as a result she ends up
in situations that are sometimes worse then they could have been.
 
 
3. What does your characters voice sound like?
 
Her voice is rich and resonant, it still has a hint of the higher
tone of a child's, but is smoothing out and maturing as her body
does.  While she does not have an exceptional voice, her singing is
pleasant and well pitched.  Her speaking voice still is maturing, but
it seems that she will have a smooth and pleasant speaking voice with
enough power to convey command, yet soft enough to appear cultured.
 
 
4. Did the development of your character go in the direction you expected
   it to from the beginning?  Speculate wildly why this is so.
 
NO.  I had originally conceived of her as a rebel and a brat, defying
her father and demanding her own way.  The first interactions with
her father (ie., the first in play) quickly showed a genuine fondness
between them.  Her initial interactions with the Amberites of her
generation quickly killed any plans to tie herself to them or to
emulate their ways.  Now it is more correct to note that Cassandra
has been *indulged* but not to the point of spoiling her.  And having
seemn the behaviour of those of her cousins Cassandra considers
spoiled, she has little desire to emulate them and less wish to be
grouped with them for nearly any reason.
 
 
5. How should you like to expand your character's role?
 
I would very much like to see her working toward her goals, gaining
the respect of others around her and perhaps following in Malachai's
footsteps and distinguishing herself in military service or possibly
even service to the kingdom.  I look forward to her gaining more
experience and thereby finding her place among the family and
becoming respected for her abilities and deeds.

6. What annoying little habits does your character have?
 
She has an automatic assumption that her father is correct, that his
opinions on people are true and that he can do little wrong.  By
setting him so high in her regard, she automatically downgrades
everything *he* does not approve of or care for.
 
Cassanddra does not care to be overlooked or dismissed, regardless of
whether she presents herself as a child or as an adult.  She does not
accept that she might not have any skills applicable to the
situation, nor does she accept that she is too young or too
inexperienced to be of help in any matter.
 
 
7. What is your character's self esteem like.
 
In general, Cassandra has a great deal of self confidence and a
strong reliance on her own abilities.  These both work to build her
self esteem and maintain the generally high level from which she
handles all problems she faces.  While she has a reasonable idea of
what she cannot do, or overcome, she also beleives that these are
temporary difficulties and that if she applies her mind and effort,
these can be won as well.
 
 
8. Does your character play well with others.  Why or why not.
 
As long as Cassandra has decided that the others in question are up
to her standards (not necessarily a consistent measure) then she will
be open and friendly.  If this is not the case, then her natural
arrogance tends to show its face.  Under such conditions, she rarely
curbs her tongue (even when she perhaps should) and tends toward an
attitude of superiority.
 
 
9. Does your character think they play well with others.  Why or why not.
 
More to the point, Cassandra doesn't really see any problem in her
behaviour.  She does consider that she treats others in the manner
most appropriate.  If she treats them with scorn she rationalises it
as they are being treated as they deserve.  In some ways this is
because she is, after a fashion, a very spoiled child and this is
only a more subtle expression of that spoiling.
 
 
10. What do you think would actually satisfy your character the most,
    emotionally and physically?
 
In many ways Cassandra strives for acceptance and the regard of
others.  She has long been treated as an adult by her father, and by
association, the people in Pearl.  I think it would be very
satisfying to her to be held in the same regard by the other elders
and by the remainder of her generation.
 
Physically, Cassandra would like to be capable of actually sparring
and perhaps holding her own against those who's abilities she has
come to respect. (Corwin, Janus, Benedict, likely Ingold as well)

From tia@mailserv-E.ftp.com  Wed Jan 31 15:15:23 1996
Date: Wed, 31 Jan 96 15:16:46 EST
To: dkap@haven.org
Subject: Cassandra's Quiz (part 1)
From: tia@ftp.com (Tia Kaplowitz)
Reply-To: tia@ftp.com
Sender: tia@mailserv-E.ftp.com
Repository: mailserv-E.ftp.com, [message accepted at Wed Jan 31 15:16:37 1996]
Originating-Client: Jhereg
Content-Length: 8206
 
 
HISTORIC (15)  Answer in character please.  Answer in full, feel free to
               take as many pages as you wish.
 
 
1. Do you have regrets?  If so, what are they?  If not, why not?
 
I don't have any real regrets.  At least none that can't be overcome.
I still have my whole life ahead of me and an untold number of chances
to do all the things I have ever dreamed of... I'm too young to
regret anything, I have not yet had a chance to live, how could I
regret?
 
 
2. Have you ever done anything you regret? If so, what?
 
Not really, there are things... situations that I wish I had handled
differently, but that's not the same thing.  I wish I had showed more
discretion in my affair with Dutch, that I had kept a bit more
concern for my reputation and my honour.  I wish I had not revealled
my weaknesses to my father that day on the plains of the abyss.  I
showed him how I could be hurt and then watched him turn it back on
me and use it against me.  I suppose I do regret that, but more
gaining the knowledge that my father *would* turn such knowledge
against me then the act of letting him know.
 
 
3. What do you regret not having done and why?
 
I regret not having walked the Pattern (either of them!) when I had
the opportunity.  I have travelled down the stairs in Castle Amber,
but for all my father's warnings did not attempt to reach the
Pattern.  In Pearl I could have set foot on my father's pattern while
he was occupied by Caine's difficulties.  I was, in part, restrained
by my father's pronouncement that I wasn't *old* enough yet.  In part
I was restrained by the reasonable concern that despite force of
will, that Corwin *might* be right and that my stamina might not yet be
up to walking either Pattern.

4. For each power and item that you have, explain where it came from (who
   taught it to you, if appropriate) and how it affects your life.
 
Some of my earliest memories contain Darhyse.  She was a gift from my
father and has been a constant companion and at times protector.
When I was very young, she always appeared to simply be a stuffed
rabbit.  As I got older I learned that she had other forms and also
learned that my father had given her to me as a non-obvious form of
protection.
 
 
5. What were you like as a child. How did you act, dress, etc? What were
   your hobbies? Were you happy?
 
In many ways I am still a child.  It is a favoured disguise of mine,
at least until my body betrays me with the onset of adolescence.  I
think I have always been a serious child, not to deny a taste for
mischief and trickery, but only when the opponent deserves such
treatment.  I dress according to where I am and what I am doing... if
I am training with the Army I tend to wear leggings and tunics.  If I
am at court at home or elsewhere I favour more formal dress, skirts
and gowns, preferably in shades of green or black/grey/silver or, if
I am feeling (or trying to look) particularly innocent, white.
 
 
6. Tell me about the first time you killed.
 
In all truth I have never killed another person.  At least not
intentionally.  I have never *actually* set out to kill anyone,
and can not really think of a circumstance where I might.  My father
has killed in my name and in response for actions done onto me.  More
than once.  But I do not feel I am responsible for this.  These
beings chose to take what actions they did, my father's wrath is
simply the price they must pay for treating me in that fashion.
 
 
7. How did you react/feel the first time someone you cared about died?
 
Well... the only one close to me I ever lost was my mother.  But I
never really knew her so that isn't quite the same.  Some of the guys
I know in the army were killed in the War, but no one *really* close
to me was harmed.  I guess I still don't know how I will react should
it happen, but I do not really wish to learn this about myself.
 
 
8. What would you consider your home base?  Describe your living quarters
   there.
 
Without question, Pearl is my home base.  It is the only home I have
ever known.  My standards for a properly appointed room are entirely
based upon my suite in the "Castle Pearl."  I have a suite of rooms
including a vry full library (with its own librarian) a private
sitting room, my bedroom, bathing room, and a more public sitting
room (a perfect setting for meetings of the castle staff.)
 
9. Who was your role model when you were growing up?
 
Really I had two different role models, who actually share many
traits.  Over most of my life, my father has been the model I measure
my self against, the standard to which I aspire.  However, during my
later years, my needs changed (as did my surroundings!)  I was sent
from home to learn to fight and in so doing found a role model, a
woman to pattern myself after.  I don't think Gil ever thinks of
herself as my rolemodel or mentor but in many ways she does fill that
place in my life. Now, as I learn to find my place in the formal life
of Royal court, I hope to have Serena to model my behaviour after.
 
 
10. Have you ever won anything (prizes, awards, etc.)?
 
I have never entered into any competition as such.  The only vaguely
similar contest I have ever entered has been duels, as of the present
time I have yet to be defeated in any formal duel.
 
11. Have you ever been defeated at something you felt you were the
best in?
 
Not in so many words.   I am quite proud of my sword skills, but I am
quite well aware if the fact that many of the people I admire (my
father chief among them) can quite thoroughly trounce me in a one on
one contest.  Given this certainty, I do not fight with my betters
before witnesses.  Indeed, I declined an opportunity to spar with my
father (though I dearly wished to) because I was not willing to be
humiliated before an audience of strangers.
 
12. Who raised you and how did you get along with them?
 
I was raised by my father, Corwin, in his "kingdom" Pearl.  My father
and I are very close and he treats me as a peer.  Though some might
say I'm "Daddy's Little Girl"  my father respects and encourages my
competence and self-reliance.

13. Do you still have any contact with them?
 
Yes.  When there isn't a trump block around me.  I have only lately
come from Pearl to visit Amber and I fully intend to return when my
visit is done.
 
 
14. Describe your greatest disappointment and the greatest outrage committed
    against you.

I think my g<lost from disk crash>
wasn't always perfect, wasn't always the best, etc.  I suppose this
is all a part of growing up, but I found it very upsetting.  My
father tried to take Darhyse away from me to punish her for not being
with me when I needed her in Chaos.  But in truth the one he hurt
more was me, I was deprived of my dearest friend and worse became
agitated that my father was taking her from me.
 
The greatest outrage committed against me thus far was probably by
the nameless (and now headless) man who kidnapped me to make me his
scullery maid.  I was so angry that he would dare lay his hands on me
and take me somewhere I did not wish to go without so much as a by
your leave and *then* as if this all hadn't been enough, he declared
that he would make me a scullery maid and set me to cleaning his
hall.   When I finally escaped (largely thanks to Darhyse) I returned
to my father and (being still a child) I told him what had happened.
shortly after that, my father added yet another skull to his growing
collection.
 
 
15. When did you find out that you were of the House of Amber?  How did it
    make you feel?
 
Only recently have I come to understand *what* being of the House of
Amber means.  My father told me many stories of his family throughout
my childhood.  Indeed, I grew up on the tales of his past adventures.
But, until I left Pearl and actually began meeting other members of
his extended family I did not truly know what it means to be an
Amberite.  Actually, I do think one can truly know what it is to be
of the blood of Amber until being given the opportunity to walk the
Pattern.  Something, that as yet (thank you Dad) I still have not
been granted.

Date: Wed, 24 Jan 96 11:18:35 EST
To: dkap@haven.org
Subject: Second Wishlist
From: tia@ftp.com (Tia Kaplowitz)
Reply-To: tia@ftp.com
Sender: tia@mailserv-E.ftp.com
Repository: mailserv-E.ftp.com, [message accepted at Wed Jan 24 11:18:28 1996]
Originating-Client: Jhereg
Content-Length: 646
                                                                                
                                                                                
Wishlist #2
   For Cassandra of Pearl, daughter of Corwin Barimen
                                                                                
                                                                                
Retain first rank in warfare {1B, or whatever} (unknown cost)
                                                                                
Next rank in endurance 1.5 to 1a.5 (?) (unknown cost)
                                                                                
Next rank in stregnth  3.5 to 2.5 (?)
                                                                                
Points on Darhyse (3 more pts)
                                                                                
College Fund For Pearl's/Corwin's Pattern (3 pts) (if already totals
cost, then start fund for Amber's pattern)
                                                                                
                                                                                
willing to go to 2 pts bad stuff, no further.
                                                                                
(say, so I get the 10 points I lost for the damage to my psyche?)


