Date: Fri, 9 Aug 1996 16:31:36 -0400
X-Sender: jriley@mail.lesley.edu
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Light Version 1.5.2
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
To: dkap@haven.org, stormy@haven.org
From: Jodi Riley <jriley@lesley.edu>
Subject: amber
 
hey there,
 
I talked to scott for quite a while and It looks like I'm going to be making
a character for Cyndia (daughter of Cynthia and Bennedict)....yes the
devious one.   If you are around this weekend maybe we can talk a bit about
it.  We should also talk about when (considering my general goals of Jen
avoidance) I'd be playing.  Anyway heres the general picture I have for Cyndia:
 
I'm picturing Cyndia as intensly loyal to colbalt...although most people are
unaware of the fact.  Bo probably knows, as does our honored grandmother.
Bo and Cyndia's son, Charlie, is also aware of this fact as she has made
sure that he has had important evidence in past cases that he has judged.
Cyndia is genuinely devious, but she channels that energy twoards supporting
Cobalt.
 
The appearance she fronts to the world is self interested and devious, but
not never enough to make members of the family actively hostile.  As some
level she may be almost embaressed by her loyalty, and preffers to keep it
quiet.  At some level she enjoys the game of keeping her cover.  She has
often used her reputation for self-interest to good advantage when
infiltrating groups who's interests do not lie with the those of the
throne....in most cases the people involved in plots that she has uncovered
never knew that she was the source their undoing.
 
-blert
 
From jriley@lesley.edu  Fri Aug  9 16:38:16 1996
Date: Fri, 9 Aug 1996 16:38:10 -0400
X-Sender: jriley@mail.lesley.edu
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Light Version 1.5.2
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
To: dkap@haven.org
From: Jodi Riley <jriley@lesley.edu>
Subject: cyndia
 
in a message not including scott..most of this he's aware of from our
coversation...but a girl's gotta have her secrets :)
 
I'd think maybe i'd like Cyndia to have some sort of shape shifting ability
if that's possible.
 
She's probably also interested in the bird-mounts (who I want to call
ornithopters even though I know it's not right).  She may have been involved
in their training and then turned of the reins to the cousin who is doing it
now (I forget her name).  Scott and I talked about me working on designing them.
 
Scott gave me the ranks and said I should ask you about point modifiers.
I'm picturing a fairly well balanced character, maybe ranked very well in st
or end...not sure...


