Ivy
Rikki Stein
Strength         0 orig A          A
Psyche          24 orig ??      49 1.5  (10/1)
Warfare          1 orig 7.5      1 7.5
Endurance       11 orig 3       11 3
                                                                                
Pattern     50 (forgotten)
Sorcery     15
Conjuration 20
                                                                                
Friend: (Courts of Chaos) 2
                                                                                
Toys: 5 points still not paid of 27
        Amergin
Main Form: Harp
Qualities:
                                                                                
Amber Stamina                            2pts
Armor Vs. Guns                           2pts
Speaks In Toungues                       4pts
Psychic Sensitivity                      1pt
Psychic Neutral                          2pts
Mold Shadow Reality                      4pts
Rapid Healing                            2pts
Alternate Form                           1pt
Transfer Armor Vs. Guns                  5pts
Rack & Use Spells                        4pts
                                                                                
diary
 
Age: 600 amber ??? personal
Parentage: minor member of house and jouryman member Shifters guild
           Julian of Amber
 
Timeline vacant, get printouts.

From rikibeth.stein@circellar.com  Thu Nov 16 10:20:08 1995
From: rikibeth.stein@circellar.com
Organization: Circuit Cellar, Inc.
X-Mailer: TBBS/TIGER v1.0
Date: Thu, 16 Nov 95 10:20:07 -0500
Subject: RE: RHIANNON
To: dkap@haven.org
 
 
Please elaborate on Ivy's memory from Home that sometimes accepting plain
untainted food means more than otherwise -- is this the Arabic bread-and-salt
bit, where if I accept it she can't attack me and I can't attack her?  Or
what?
                                                                                     
 
I think I need to look at Amergin's specs again (please note spelling).  I'm
pretty sure I put in Danger Sense, but, as you say, he's not eating, so it's
unclear if he'd notice poison.  I am reminded of _Stranger in a Strange Land_,
where Mike's sense of "wrongness" didn't extend to poisons, and he drank a
pitcher of developing solution and commented that the "iced tea" had a flavor
he wasn't sure he liked...
 
>From what you say about Ivy's impressions, she'd feel more worried about
>babble
juice or hypnotics than directly deadly poisons right now.  Does she think she
is capable of casting a spell that would neutralize those particular effects
in
such a way that if she were noticed she could explain that she was merely
trying to dispel her own fatigue? (Especially since there was a magical cloud
of gloom over her recently.)  If she thinks she can get away with it, she'll
do
it, but she doesn't want to be obvious.  Nothing like _realizing_ you're short
on clues to make you wary.
 
-Riki
  
 
Reply-To: dkap@haven.org
From: "A Page in the Life of ..." <dkap@haven.org>
                                                                                     
   Please elaborate on I'vy's memory from Home that sometimes accepting plain
   untainted food means more than otherwise -- is this the Arabic bread-and-salt
   bit, where if I accept it she can't attack me and I can't attack her?  Or what?
                                                                                     
Fairy!  The rules of fairy being if you are a visitor there (not if you
belonged, like Ivy did) eating, drinking, and accepting gifts there without
having a specific ally there OKing it is a BAD think.
                                                                                     
   I think I need to look at Amergin's specs again (please note spelling).  I'm
   pretty sure I put in Danger Sense, but, as you say, he's not eating, so it's
   unclear if he'd notice poison.  I am reminded of _Stranger in a Strange Land_,
   where Mike's sense of "wrongness" didn't extend to poisons, and he drank a pitcher of developing solution and commented that the "iced tea" had a flavor he wasn't sure he liked...
                                                                                     
Yeah, Amergin isn't in my spell-checker, so I had to take a wild stab
... at least you knew what I ment ... 8-)  Looking at his stats, you only
put 1 point into that category (psychic sensitivity) rather than 2 (danger
sense) but, I somehow also had the assumption of danger sense built in, and
that is how I wrote that paragraph.  And danger sense isn't very good,
unless the threat is percieveable.  For example, if you had been served
something that was harmful to you, with no malice by the servitor (or the
malice was by someone out of reach, and some lacky was bringing it) then
the danger sense wouldn't go off (it's a psychic barometer mostly) in any
case.
                                                                                     
   From what you say about Ivy's impressions, she'd feel more worried about babble
   juice or hypnotics than directly deadly poisons right now.  Does she think she
   is capable of casting a spell that would neutralize those particular effects in
   such a way that if she were noticed she could explain that she was merely
   trying to dispel her own fatigue? (Especially since there was a magical cloud
   of gloom over her recently.)  If she thinks she can get away with it, she'll do
   it, but she doesn't want to be obvious.  Nothing like _realizing_ you're short
   on clues to make you wary.
 
She thinks she's good enough to include it as a minor cartouche in a
dispel-fatigue spell, so that if she is noticed, it would be recognized as
what it is ... on the surface.
 
From rikibeth.stein@circellar.com  Sat Nov 18 15:45:10 1995
From: rikibeth.stein@circellar.com
Organization: Circuit Cellar, Inc.
X-Mailer: TBBS/TIGER v1.0
Date: Sat, 18 Nov 95 15:50:00 -0500
Subject: not scared, just very alert
To: dkap@haven.org
                                                                                     
                                                                                     
Well, in that case, Ivy casts the fool thing.  That is, if it can be done
fairly quickly.  I don't know how much you agree with the rule book about how
long it takes to cast a spell from scratch -- I personally think they're
exaggerating -- but Ivy doesn't want to miss too much of the conversation.
(She isn't going to join in, just listen.)
                                                                                     
-Riki

From dkap Sat Nov 18 17:51:40 -0500 1995
To: rikibeth.stein@circellar.com
In-reply-to: <9511181550.0M8R900@circellar.com> (rikibeth.stein@circellar.com)
Subject: Re: not scared, just very alert
Return-Path: dkap@haven.org
Reply-To: dkap@haven.org
From: "A Page in the Life of ..." <dkap@haven.org>
                                                                                     
                                                                                     
Ivy is more than capable of casting it.  The result is: the food is just
fine, and you feel much more alert.  You probably aren't creating it from
scratch having done similar pieces before, you are just weaving them
together and casting them: total time 20 minutes (this is because you are
still paying attention to what is going on around you, and you want the
food to be searched for the duration, if you were just banishing fatigue,
and testing this set of food and giving it all your concentration, you
probably could have cut the time in half).
                                                                                     
Dave K.
--

