Return-Path: mark.stein@circellar.com
From: mark.stein@circellar.com
Organization: Circuit Cellar, Inc.
X-Mailer: TBBS/PIMP v3.34
Date: Sun, 11 Jun 95 22:05:42 -0400
Subject: Orlando spec
To: dkap@sanctuary.haven.org
 
 
     Laird Roland MacBain -- more properly, *the* MacBain -- stared
moodily at the mountain looming over the horizon, brooding over a
coastline not yet visible. His retinue, a mere half-dozen strapping
lads of both youth and season hand-picked with great care, wandered
about the ship he'd hired, pacing or lingering to begin abortive
attempts at card or dice games. They hadd been chosen especially
>from among their compatriots to follow their laird in doing service
to the Queen of a place called, in the tongue of their home,
Argyll. The MacBain, however, grew less pleased the closer to
fabled Argyll they came.
     *Argyll.* Laird Roland -- more properly, Orlando -- rolled the
name around his mind and reflected upon how Shadow lied for him. It
was a pretty enough rendering of Amber, but it sapped truth from
the place somehow.
     How?
     The sky was perfect. The sea had been as intimately familiar
as the body of a lifelong lover since they came through the Strait
of Ruantallo. But it was wrong.
     How?
     The patrols. Bloody hell, that was it. The patrols were
*perfectly normal.*
     He cast a glance back at his men. They were men of depth,
whose home would not have tapped their potential. He had drawn them
>from the underside of Time. But he was sure it was not far enough
under to give Gerard enough time for this. Even he could only have
had half a navy up and running by now. There was the harbor of
Amber rising into view, and the harbormaster's crews, merchant
marine and regular navy were at levels of activity familiar from
Orlando's last visit home under Oberon, a decade before disaster
struck.
     A ship hove to, flying the Unicorn with Caine's cadency.
Orlando stared hard. Though it would be his right, he had refrained
>from yet adopting his father's state pennon, flying instead his own
wyvern below his commissioned ship's own proper colors.  "Ahoy,
master of the Kerrymoor," an unfamiliar voice called from the ship
under Caine's colors. "Your destination and business!"
     The captain called back himself, sparing his honored
passenger. "Lord Roland MacBain and retinue, come to present
themselves in service to the throne of Amber!"
     "We'll follow you in!"
     Damned odd. Didn't they recognize his colors?
 
     The worthies of Clan MacBain shifted uncomfortably, their
laird's unease contagious. It was not the undue attention of the
city's residents; they were accustomed to foreigners staring at
them in their kilts. But every step through what they had to admit
was a far more beautiful city than anything their homeland offered
set the MacBain more sharply on edge, as though his whole lanky
body was becoming the claighmore they thought him odd for never
carrying.  They could not know his claighmore was in repose upon
his right third finger.
     *"Hey, dummy, you led us to the wrong place."*
     *"This is Amber, Ravan. Love it or leave it."*
     *"What are you, crazy? Look at this place! When we left it was
a burned out, empty ghost town. I know you guys don't breed this
fast, even if you could build this fast!"*
     *"Shut up and let me think."*
     The palace gate, adequately staffed and not a man in
Tharintide livery, opened before them and admitted them to the
courtyard. Gerard, plainly informed of his arrival, stood with a
hulking regality and let the redheaded laird approach.
     Orlando broke into a grin. "Gerard! I thought you were at sea.
You've done a hell of a job in so little time."
     The giant stared at the hand that clapped his shoulder. "I am
pleased, if confused, to make your acquaintance, Roland MacBain. I
am Prince Gerard, but you seem to know that. Arrangements will be
made for your retinue..."
     "Hello? Gerard?" Worried eyes met orbs clouded with confusion.
"The lads have been briefed, they know who I am. You don't have to
put on this act."
     "It's good your own men know you. I do not. Please remove your
hand."
     Lightning could have stricken Orlando to lesser effect. "Are
you feeling all right? It's Orlando. Your nephew! Look, we'll go
see Dierdre and everything..."  His voice trailed off at the
darkening, dangerous look his uncle gave him. "What?"
     "Princess Dierdre," Gerard rumbled, his hands working to crush
invisible boulders, "died in the Pattern War."
     "The what?! What the hell's happened in the past two weeks? I
turn my back on Eric for a fortnight and there's a fucking war?"
     "What then, are you Eric's boy? With all the young relatives
turning up of late I should not be surprised. But if that's so,
you've been gone more than a fortnight. Eric's been dead since the
battle of Garnath, over five years ago."
     "Five. . ." The redhead's mind reeled. Five years in two
weeks.  That's a differential of. . .a hell of a lot. And he'd been
nowhere near close enough to Chaos for that. "Is Jessamyn still on
the throne?"
     "Who? The king is Oberon, as he always has been."
     A loud rapping came on the cabin door.
     "Laird MacBain? Are ye well?"
 
     Orlando's eyes shot open, taking in the at-once familiar beams
in the shifting moonlight reflected above. The salty tang of sea
air soothed the rough edges of his abrupt awakening. "Aye, Tavish,
I'll be fine enough."
     He reflected on the unflinching *reality* of the dream, the
Tir na Nogth dream-within-waking-within-dreaming feel of it, and
wondered if he hadn't just lied.
 
 
--

