Return-Path: mark.stein@circellar.com
From: mark.stein@circellar.com
Organization: Circuit Cellar, Inc.
X-Mailer: TBBS/PIMP v3.34
Date: Mon, 24 Apr 95 07:47:15 -0400
Subject: Amber stuff
To: dkap@sanctuary.haven.org
                                                                                
                                                                                
Hey ho. Things have been busy and distracting around here, but I finally
got around to dealing with Rhiannon. Here's what I've got on her thus
far. Other details as I come up with them or you need them.
                                                                                
General descriptive:
        Ht.: 5'2"       Hair: black, straight, short
        Wt.: 105#       Eyes: brilliant green
                                                                                
        Heraldry: Quarterly gules and azure, on a fess argent three
                  pheons gules.
        Mode of dress: Prefers belted tunics and riding pants;
                       cotehardie for formal occasions.
                                                                                
Stats:  Strength: Amber           0
        Psyche: 3.5              25            [+4]
        Warfare: Chaos          (10)
        Endurance: 4.5           20
                               -----
                                 35         of 154
                                                                                
Powers: Advanced Pattern        75
        Conjuration             15
        Sorcery                 20  (or was Conjuration 10 and Sorcery 25?)
                              -----
                               110
                                         =====
                                          145 of 154
 
Shadow:  Personal; content &
          access controlled      4
                                         =====
                                          149
 
Creatures & Artifacts:
        Agents, environmental
          (magic-heavy Shadow)   5
        Trump deck               2
                              -----
                                 7
                                         =====
                                          156
 
Contribution:  Diary           (10)
                                         =====
                                          146 of 154
 
College fund for
  listening posts (see below)    8
                                         =====
                                          154  (Zero Stuff)
                                                                                
Listening posts:  will report to Switchboard daemons at regular intervals
and on demand, including changes in status of Pattern traces, Logrus
traces, Trump use (if possible?), significant fluctuations in levels and
types of magical energy, armed conflict, other trends as needed (we can
discuss this).
 
  Vitality - Amber                        4
  Stamina - Eternal                       4
  Damage resistance vs. guns              2
  Speak/sing                              2
  Psychic sensitivity - extraordinary     4
  Psychic resistance - Chaos              1
  Self heal                               1
  Advanced Trump                          6
                                        ----
                                         24
                x3 Horde quantity               ====
                                                 72
 
I'll concentrate my testing and early placement in the area where Allistair
was last heard from (or where his itinerary left off). We'll discuss at
some point what the final quantity on these things is going to be when
the network is complete; it may well involve changing the modifier.
 
For that matter, I'll be talking with Mom from time to time about the
artifacts and how to improve their design, explaining that I'm using the
working prototypes to try to track my missing cousin's movements -- and
see if she wants to go in on the project with me and share access. Not
quite the root password, though...

Switchboard daemons will feed information to memory daemons, and my
contact by trapped-Trump as discussed. Does it present a problem to enable
the daemons to contact me on their own initiative, under pre-arranged
circumstances?
 
More details on the Shadow and whatever else you need as I come up with
them.
 
 
 
 
--
     Mark Eric Stein, Esq. 169 Sisson Ave., Hartford, CT 06105-4009
              203-232-2664  ***  mark.stein@circellar.com
                    ---  =====  *******  =====  ---
Then, Lady, I do what Kieron the Conqueror did upon the cliffs of Adrilankha.
                          I await the morrow.

From: mark.stein@circellar.com
Organization: Circuit Cellar, Inc.
X-Mailer: TBBS/TIGER v1.0
Date: Fri, 05 Jan 96 12:00:33 -0500
Subject: game.misc
To: dkap@sanctuary.haven.org
 
                                                                                     
1. Things Rhiannon's doing after taking that trump call.
        The agenda's pretty simple. I just spent a couple hours doing
sorcerous
manipulation and skullwork; I could use a snack. Off to the kitchen. I arrived
at dinner after Rivka left and so didn't see her at high table; by force of
habit I'd look for her there before realizing that she's acknonwledged
Clarissa-spawn now and probably wouldn't be there. Sigh. There's a
conversation
I should run with her sometime (I need her e-mail address)...meanwhile I'll
nibble at something. Not quite hungry enough for an Omelette Merlinnaise.
        After that, I think I'll make the rounds of newcomers and see how
they're settling in. In addition to making nice chat and offering whatever
help
I can provide with their adjustment, I want to take another look through the
lens at them; only two of them left footprints in time, and that doesn't jibe
with my memory of them.
                                                                                     
2. Things Orlando's doing after dinner and checking up on Jackie.
        First to the training rooms (they're where I remember, right?). If
somebody's handy who looks fun to spar with, I'll work some travel kinks out.
Not for very long, maybe an hour give or take.
        Next I want to go to the library and find a basic primer on the last
500 - 1000 years of history. I'll also get a listing of everything Benedict
has
himself written in that time span; if it's more than a half dozen books, I'll
check out four works that seem like they may be representative of the whole.
In
each case, I'm looking to track similarities, differences, divergences.
 
There may be more, but not with my brain in its current state. Have fun.
 
 
 
 
From mark.stein@circellar.com  Sun Feb  4 11:26:23 1996
From: mark.stein@circellar.com
Organization: Circuit Cellar, Inc.
X-Mailer: TBBS/TIGER v1.0
Date: Sun, 04 Feb 96 11:19:15 -0500
Subject: Rhi's Time Off
To: dkap@haven.org
 
 
First, I will get a full briefing from Benedict if I have to CHOKE it
out of him...
 
Next I want to check on Malachai's condition and ask him quite frankly
why he was being an idiot, gulping down that much energy from a hostile
pattern. If he's doing less than well I'll do what I can to help. And
I'll grab someone else I know was there -- maybe Flora can give me an
introduction to this Katherine person -- and cross-check Benedict's
account of events on as many levels as possible.
 
Gee, does Mom being 10 years old mean I can *spank* her for all this?
No? Damn. I'll help care for her as best I can, examine her quite
thoroughly by all the means I have, and see whether her condition is
reversible, her mind and memories are intact, &c.
 
I still have a meeting to handle with Llewella. She told me to trump
her; when I do I'll have all the defenses I can muster against being
pulled through involuntarily in place. I trust her as far as I can spit
a Panzer. I'll go through her position point by point and directly ask
her to justify tearing apart the entire Golden Circle trade alliance
over each. She probably can justify some of them, and I'm trying to be
fair; this isn't a power play for me, I just want business back to
normal in the city. I haven't had a decent day's shopping down there in
ages.  :)  I'll give up what I'm authorized to give up (gradually) only
if she's willing to give a little on her side, and if she's totally
inflexible I'll petition Granddad to appoint an arbitrator now that he's
back in town. For that matter, if Gerard or Caine is back in town (they
were at the dustup at Corwin's pattern, right?) I'll get one or both of
them online with this stuff.
 
Rivka...dear gods, Rivka. <sigh> Added agenda item for our talk is
whether she has a reliable means of contacting her mother. With Mom
probably sidelined, Grandma needs to stop hiding the ball *now*. I'll
trade my time-variance data and its implications for a *whole* *lot* of
what she knows about what's been going on and the basis for her belief
in some grand scheme to undermine reality itself. (But I won't release
that data until I've had a chance to review the updates, especially when
we've got some significant data from after the Gwen dustup.)
 
On Rivka herself <ahem>...I'd love to have a better understanding of the
basis of Clarissa's power, since it's a big chunk of my legacy too. I'll
talk with Jen about how much Rivka is willing to let me find out about
her...I suspect Rhi has the rhisources to learn more about Rivka through
direct examination than Rivka knows about herself. That could take a
while; one must be *quiite* thorough about these things.  :)
 
Connor. Bleh. Something has pushed the field of his spell outward,
presumably, while reeling back time inside it. Presumably that something
is the hot-poured energy from Corwin's pattern. I want to take some time
to study that effect, and if Bleys shows up I want to enlist his help.
If Mom still has her mind all together, she'll want to see this too. For
that matter, so might Corwin; he's the closest thing to an expert on how
his pattern behaves.
 
In my COPIOUS spare time I'll be helping Orlando get up to date on where
history diverged, chatting with Ivy about why she's apparently cloaking
her Pattern imprint if she wants to be trusted here (you're not? what
happened to you in Faerie?), tinkering with my network, un-existing a
Gwen statue or two when I think of it (maybe even by Shadow-editing that
patch of ground into never-existedness), and planting rumors that Rivka
is really Orlando's mother by Benedict. Those features with that
coloring...It Could Be True.  :)
 
There may be more. I can't think of it right at the moment.
 
HAve fun..
 
Mark

